  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
 
Town of Riverhead 
200 Howell Avenue 
Riverhead, NY  11901 
https://www.townofriverheadny.gov/ 
 
 
Diane Wilhelm,Town Clerk 
Telephone: 631-727-3200 
Town Board Regular Meeting Minutes 
Wednesday, January 4, 2023 – 2:00 PM 
 
 
I. Call to Order 
The meeting was called to order at 2:04 PM by Supervisor Yvette Aguiar 
 
Attendee Name Title Status Arrived 
Yvette Aguiar Supervisor Present  
Tim Hubbard Councilman Present  
Frank Beyrodt Jr. Councilman Present  
Kenneth Rothwell Councilman Present  
Robert Kern Councilman Present  
II. NOTICE 
1. Notice with Zoom Creditials  
 
III. INVOCATION - Rev. Andrew Montoro of the Community Baptist Church, 
Riverhead  
IV. SWEARING IN CEREMONY of Mark Weiss as Full Time Police Officer 
V. ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Supervisor Aguiar called the meeting to order at 2:04 p.m. with the Pledge of 
Allegiance followed by an invocation by Rev. Andrew Montoro of the 
Community Baptist Church of Riverhead.   
 
 Supervisor Aguiar : “Thank you Frank and thank you Re verend but I just 
want to make the point that we have Deacon Frank here and he is the Chaplain 
for both the Fire Department and PD and maybe someday you can open up with 
our prayer, okay. So call us up and we can put you in for that. I know you 
would enjoy that. Before we move forward with our meeting today I am pleased 
to call Resolution # 2023 -43 out if sequence so we can perform the related 
swearing in. I would now open it up for public comment on that resolution to 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
appoint a probationary police officer to the Riverhead Police Department. Does 
anyone from the audience want to come forward and comment on the specific 
resolution? Hearing no one, Diane can you please call that resolution?” 
 
Resolution #43 
 
Councilman Rothwell:  “Appointment of a Probationary  
Police Officer to the Police Department, so moved.” 
 
Councilman Kern:   “Second.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar:  “Vote please.”  
 
The Vote: “Kern, yes;   Rothwell.” 
 
Councilman Rothwell; “Welcome aboard, yes.” 
 
Vote Continued: “Beyrodt, yes:  Hubbard, yes;  Aguiar.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar : “Yes and please be safe and can Officer Weiss, 
Probationary Office Weiss please come forward. Please raise your right hand. 
Do you solemnly swear to uphold the constitution of the State of New York the 
constitution of the United State s and faithfully discharge your duties as a full 
time Riverhead Police Officer  to the best of your abilities?” 
 
Police Officer Weiss: “I do.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “So help you God. Congratulations Officer Weiss and 
please be safe. Congratulations again Pro bationary Police Officer Weiss. Please 
be safe and go forward to serve your community. And now we’re going to 
continue in our regular meeting today and since we have no announcements so 
I’m going to ask for a first and a second to close the Town Board meet ing and 
open the Community Development meeting. Can I have a first and second?” 
 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
Councilman Kern:   “So moved.” 
 
Councilman Hubbard: “Second.” 
 
The Vote: “Kern, yes;   Rothwell, yes;  Beyrodt, yes; yes, Hubbard, yes;  
Aguiar: yes.  The resolution won.” 
VI. CORRESPONDENCE 
1. Mark Haubner - Letter Suggesting the Creation of  an Energy Committee 
in Regard to  Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS) (Public Hearing of 
12.20.22)  
 
2. Cindy Clifford - Letter of Concern Regarding  Battery Energy Storage 
Systems (BESS)  (Public Hearing of 12.20.22)  
 
3. Cindy Clifford - Letter of Concern Regarding Anaerobic Digesters 
(Public Hearing of 12.20.22)  
 
4. Robert Carpenter, Long Island Farm Bureau - Letter of Support for 
Anaerobic Digesters  
 
5. Christopher Kent, FarrellFritz - Letter with NYSERDA Attachments 
Regarding BESS  
 
6. Angela Zaharakis - Letter Urging Moratorium on All Developments  
 
7. Karen Hartmann - Letter of Opposition to Proposed Warehouse Projects 
in Calverton  
 
8. Four Letters of Support for Anaerobic Digesters (Town of Southington, 
CT, Long Island Food Council, Sustainability Institute, USGBC-LI)  
 
VII. REPORTS 
1. Building Department, December 2022 Monthly Report - $67,162.00  
 
2. Tax Receiver, Total Tax Collection to Date as of December 28, 2022 - 
$15,220,541.60  
 
3. Tax Receiver - Total Tax Collection to Date as of December 22, 2022 - 
$6,505,344.34  
 
4. Town Clerk, December 2022 Monthly Report - $8,988.40  
 
VIII. COMMENTS ON RESOLUTIONS 
Supervisor Aguiar: “We have no public hearings on the agenda today we 
we’re going to move on to comments on the resolutions before us today and this 
is again on the resolutions before us today.” 
 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
Erik Howard : “Just a reminder folks, your time limit is five minutes. 
Please address all comments to the Board as a body and pleas e state your name 
and your hamlet.”  
 
Mark Haubner : “Thank you, thank you, thank you for at least 
considering, and I know you guys in support of #28 so thank you for number 
28, the food scrap resolution and I know we’re doing the right thing because I 
heard from the right people that East Hampton is running at creating their own 
residential food scrap collection. So, if we’re doing something and they want to 
do it, we’re on the right track, so thank you.” 
 
Sid Bail: “Good afternoon, Sid Bail, Wading River C ivic Association. To 
make it an even happier New Year, I would hope that you’re going to pass the 
resolution today on the moratorium, the six month moratorium and it’s taken a 
god awful long time to get to this point and I know some of you find it to be a 
difficult decision but I was looking back at some old papers that I have and in 
my filing systems that my wife refers to junkarama, it was about a moratorium 
discussion in 2001 before the comp plan was getting into gear. It was 
interesting. Ayoung councilm an by the name of Ed Densieski introduced the 
resolution for the moratorium at the time and you know, it took a while for it to 
jell but like those of us who went through the experience of the moratorium was 
very necessary and controversial. I think this m oratorium is a long overdue and 
without adopting a meaningful moratorium I think it sets up the scenario for 
making the whole process of updating the comp plan into a difficult list, it 
shouldn’t be a more difficult list. So, I would urge you okay for this  new year, 
to pass the resolution for the moratorium public hearing, thank you.” 
 
Councilman Hubbard: “Sid, just to be clear, it’s not up for a vote today, 
it’s up for a post for a public hearing. That’s what we’re voting on, a yes or no 
to a moratorium. I t’s just on whether or not to publish and post for a public 
hearing.” 
 
Sid Bail: “Right, so it’s a less heavy list.” 
 
Councilman Hubbard: “Right.” 
 
Sid Bail: “Okay, thank you.” 
 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
Phil Barbato:  “Phil Barbato, Jamesport. I couldn’t say anything more 
eloquent than the previous speaker about the moratorium. I encourage you to 
get it on your agenda and to pass the damn thing as soon as possible. I also 
encourage you to complete the comp plan and if necessary extend that 
moratorium until the comp plan is completed  and the necessary zone and 
ordinance changes have been made in the town books because that’s what this 
is all about. Do the moratorium, get the town’s act in shape, change the code 
and then proceed to accept applications for development in that area pleas e, 
thank you.” 
 
Councilman Beyrodt : “Just like Tim said before, this is only on the 
publish and post of the public hearing. This is not about passing it or not. These 
comments on resolutions should be you know, focused on what the resolutions 
are and our r esolution today that we’re considering is just to publish and post 
for a public hearing.” 
 
Phil Barbato : “I understand that. I’m saying it’s about time and I hope 
you do it quickly, thank you.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar : “However, there is a resolution that’s up and the 
resolution is to change the code, so they’re related. So, if you have a 
moratorium and anything changes from that moratorium, we have to go repost 
and have another public hearing. So, we have to concentrate on the moratorium 
that’s before us, the w ay it was written, its properness and then decide if we’re 
going to go forward with it.” 
 
Kyle Strober : “Good afternoon. My name is Kyle Strober and I’m the 
Executive Director for the Association for a Better Long Island. I’m also here 
on behalf of Long Is land Disability Institute and I’m also a millennium who’s 
sick and tired of hearing my friends say my taxes are too high on Long Island 
and there are no jobs for them, and they have to move and that’s why I’m here 
in opposition of 2023 -39 opposing a propos ed moratorium on industrial 
development. You know, when most people think of commercial properties 
they think of pizzerias or hardware shops, but industrial development is the 
backbone of our economy, it’s the one’s who would be delivering the flour to 
the pizzerias and the hammers and the nails to the hardware stores. They create 
tax revenue for the town also for the county and the state, they create hundreds 
of jobs, and they have a much more substantial impact than they do than anyone 
else in the school districts. Therefore, when you place a moratorium on such 
developments, the local municipalities affectively reduce the town’s tax base 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
and shifting the burden onto the residents. Placing moratoriums on industrial 
developments further disrupts the precarious supply chain that many companies 
in this town rely on and I would say we all heard of supply chain issues. It’s in 
warehouses and it’s in distribution centers that pay a critical role on our local 
businesses providing us the services and the goods that we look to purchase. 
You know delaying and possibly losing such development impacts both 
customers many of whom are town residents as well as local businesses and 
while I can go on about the economic impacts of this proposal it will have on 
the town and ou r region, it’s important to mention regulations and existing 
precedence when placing a moratorium on development. It’s a form of zoning 
for municipalities. The community’s authority to adopt a moratorium is often 
referred to as a police powers measures. Ju dicial courts do not favor the use of 
police power measures unless it’s critical, unusual or injury to the community 
will occur and must be used as a last resort. It’s the most extreme form of land 
use action because it suspends the rights of the property owner and prior legal 
precedence confirms that courts will favorably on the landowners and lastly, 
while you’re updating the comprehensive plan which Ignite LI fully supports it 
is not a reason to put forth a moratorium right now. There are conditions that  
the land use moratorium must include. It must provide facts indicating there is 
no alternatives, are there alternatives not to burdensome the rights, the property 
rights of landowners, must provide reasons existing land use plans or 
ordinances are not ade quate. The list goes on and I can submit them into the 
record if the Clerk would allow me.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “We’ll take them.” 
 
Kyle Strober: “But I want to say this, I want to say there are many issues 
that go on with developments and concerns that ne gatively impact residents in 
the community when developments occur but there is a better way to do it. You 
know, developers and companies must work with the community to find a 
compromise to move forward. Putting a blanket moratorium is a deathblow to 
not only to the region, not only to the local economy, but the reginal economy. 
We can’t have another issue when it comes to supply chain. We shouldn’t stop 
our manufacturers who make products that defend their country as my 
colleague Patrick Boyle will say in  the military and the aerospace industries. 
We can’t have this put forward and we respectfully request that while you’re 
considering this, the realities of what’s going on with the economic impact and 
everything else, thank you.” 
 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
Patrick Boyle : “Good afte rnoon. Thank you for having me here this 
afternoon. My name is Patrick Boyle and I’m Executive Director of Ignite LI, 
the manufacturing trade association for all of Long Island. I’m here to 
piggyback off of what Kyle said here. The confidence for companies  to stay 
here on Long Island, to grow here on Long Island is diminished every day. Like 
Kyle said, the cost of living, the cost of doing business. When we put forward 
moratoriums like this it diminishes our company’s ability to have that 
confidence to grow  here on Long Island, to keep our families here on Long 
Island and when they’re not confident enough to grow and to stay we’re going 
to lose jobs. We’re going to lose jobs for those people who are neighbors, 
families and friends. That point is really what I needed to deliver. The 
confidence for companies to stay here and to grow here. We can’t do anything 
to diminish it. We all know doing business here on Long Island and even in 
New York State is a tremendous task. I’m sure most of you are small business 
owners yourselves so you understand how dramatically difficult it is and this 
moratorium just takes away a little bit more of that confidence to stay, thank 
you.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar : “Chip, anyone online? Do you want to bring them 
up.” 
 
Kathy McGraw: “Hi, Ka thy McGraw from Northville. I think it’s pretty 
clear that people who live in Riverhead want this moratorium and I’m not going 
to be interrupted on the merits of this moratorium because you let those two 
people do that very thing. The Planning Board, the P lanning Board 
recommended this moratorium to you and I urge you to approve the resolution 
for a public hearing. I also see in today’s resolutions a three percent raise for the 
town planner. Although it’s a modest raise I and others don’t really understand 
why he merits any raise at all given that Riverhead is waist deep in planning 
problems in large resulting in the delay and mishandled comp plan update. This 
Town Board spends most of its time dealing with planning issues. You however 
obviously value Mr. Mu rphree’s services. So, I’d like to ask since he is the 
town planner, whether you consulted Mr. Murphree to get his opinion on the 
merits of this moratorium. Mr. Hubbard, did you?” 
 
Councilman Hubbard: “I have spoken to Mr. Murphree about this, that’s 
correct.” 
 
Kathy McGraw: “How about you Mr. Rothwell?” 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
 
Councilman Rothwell: “No, I have not.” 
 
Kathy McGraw: “Supervisor Aguiar: “ 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “This is a comment section, it’s not to take a pole.” 
 
(Inaudible) 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Hold on. We need to h ave a meeting not disruptive, 
not take it to enforce.”          
 
Kathy McGraw: “I’m not (inaudible). I’m simply (inaudible).” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “I don’t owe you an explanation.” 
 
Kathy McGraw: “(Inaudible), nobody answered (inaudible).” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Give us your comments Kathy. Ms. McGraw, give 
us your comments.” 
 
Kathy McGraw: “Mr. Beyrodt or Mr. Kern, would you like to answer>” 
 
Councilman Kern: “Not at this time.” 
 
Councilman Beyrodt: “I’d like to hear your comments.” 
 
Kathy McGraw : “Okay, I al so listened to you Supervisor Aguiar on 
WRIV this week and I’m not trying to pick on you, quite honestly I’m not, but 
it appeared that you and the speakers here today don’t understand that this 
proposed moratorium is not a blanket moratorium yet to Bruce T ria you talked 
about a blanket moratorium. You said it takes away property owners rights and 
you focused on homebuyers and residential property. You pointed out that 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
landowners wouldn’t be able to build homes on their property during the 
moratorium. Do you  understand that the proposed moratorium applies only to 
Industrial A, B & C in Calverton and if you do understand that then why were 
you misleading the public when you were speaking on WRIV about residents, 
people being able to build their houses.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “so that’s a good concoction of what I said and what I 
know and I’m fully aware and I’ve gotten internal and external legal 
consultation. I made a reference, it’s similar to somebody buying a home so 
they can build and buying a piece of land and I referred as myself, I said I 
purchased a piece of land here and once I purchased it and I’m in contract to 
build a house, I don’t want somebody to tell me I can’t build a house, that’s 
what I was saying. But that was your comment, it was convoluted, it’s fine, 
you’re natural action all the time. Chip, can we move forward to the next call?” 
 
Kathy McGraw : “Excuse me, I still have a few minutes left. This 
moratorium will not stop anyone from building a home and for most projects in 
this town the Plannin g Board has the responsibility including all most all the 
projects that are pending in Industrial A, B and C right now. They are the 
experts and they have recommended a moratorium now. So, I would ask you 
why won’t you heed their advise and pass this limit ed moratorium set forth in 
today’s resolution for a public hearing?” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: Okay, are you done?” 
 
Kathy McGraw: “Thank you very much.”  
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Okay, thank you. Chip, can we move forward?” 
 
Christine Schmidt: “Christine Schmidt fr om Foxwood Village. I’m glad 
you’re considering the moratorium and I’d like; I’ve been reading about 
problems with grow warehouses in Denver and I would hope that you look into 
that sort of thing and make some kind of plan before considering the 
warehouses. Make sure you have some controls that we don’t have a half dozen 
grow warehouses here with the smells and other problems, energy problems, 
water problems. So, I would ask that you consider that and work on it while the 
moratorium is in place.” 
 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
Jackie O’ Donnell: “Good afternoon Jackie O’Donnell from Foxwood 
Village. Happy New Year. I’m speaking in part of Resolution 39 for a public 
hearing, to schedule a public hearing for the moratorium. My neighbors in 
Foxwood Village and my self are very, as you are aw are, are very interested in 
the development of this moratorium. I do ask that it be in an appropriate time 
and date for enough of our community members to attend. A convenient time, 
please consider that when scheduling it and that it not be lumped in with so 
many other things that it wears out the residents before they get to the item. 
This is an important item for us and I’d appreciate that consideration for the 
seniors at Foxwood, thank you.” 
 
John Cullen : “John Cullen, Northville. I also support the mora torium, 
Resolution #39 until the comprehensive plan has been signed and finished. 
Even if it takes longer, it needs to take longer. Our last meeting on January 22 nd 
or a couple of days before Christmas, there was only sixty percent of the Town 
Board there and at the end I had an emergency situation where I had to get 
home and I wanted to make a quote and I couldn’t figure out how to get on the 
(inaudible) over here, I needed a teenager at home but my final quote was going 
to be on January 20 th, whatever the  date was. There’s a great movie called Elf 
and I’m sure a lot of people in this room have seen the movie and there’s a great 
quote and it goes, the best way to spread Christmas cheer is singing loud for all 
to hear. That meeting there were a hundred and f orty people singing loud and 
clear to be heard about a moratorium and I hope that the Town Board heard 
them, thank you.” 
 
Linda Nemeth : “Hi, Happy New Year everybody. I hope it’s a healthy 
one for all. My name is Linda Nemeth. I’m from Calverton. I hear al l this talk 
about people who buy something here that they’ve invested, I’ve invested. 
Everybody in here has invested in their homes, in their property for a long time 
for whatever. My dad was a small business owner. I respect business, I respect 
building and all of these traits because they are a necessity and really service, 
but when you bulldoze a whole concept over a property without considering all 
the other property owners, we are at a tremendous loss. Where are we going to 
go now and if traffic that i s proposed from these warehouses develop without 
the infrastructure, the infrastructure, two lane roads that are falling apart at their 
edges now running right by senior developments, crowded. Everybody keeps 
talking about the tax base. I’d like to know wi th all the development that we’ve 
seen on 58 I was always promised, oh this will be great, we’ll put in Costco, the 
tax base will go down. We’ll put in a this, we’ll put in a that. Whoa, 58 is a 
head on collision waiting to  happen. It’s a mess but I have never seen a cent of 
my taxes reduced. I’m not complaining about my taxes, I think for me they’re 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
very fair, but I am a homeowner and a property owner and I’m being 
disregarded by the fact that big businesses and people with a hellva lot more 
money come in here and take over without the blink of an eye, thank you.” 
 
Laura Jens Smith : “Hi, Laura Jens Smith again along with everybody 
else. So, I’m also here to speak on Resolution 39. I know that this is put forth as 
a six month moratorium. I think that that i s a mistake. I think a twelve month 
moratorium is really what’s needed here. I think of you even on the radio saying 
a six month moratorium doesn’t even help much. You have the opportunity 
before you pass this to amend this and make it a twelve month morat orium 
before you vote on it so that the public can comment on it. You know I think we 
need to keep in prospective that the zoning we currently have in place was 
made, you know, more than twenty years ago and we’ve seen what has occurred 
in our town since t hen in development that has occurred since then. I don’t 
think anybody here is against progress, is against development but we all want 
the development that does occur here to be with what the community wants and 
that requires proper zoning to be in place.  In Industrial Area, A, B and C all of 
these projects are requiring variances. They’re having height variances; they’re 
having all sorts of variances that doesn’t quite fit into the zoning that we have 
so we need to create zoning that will support industry  and support our 
community and that can’t happen while you’re in the process of deciding what 
that zoning should be through the comprehensive plan. So, I really urge you to 
take a year. You don’t have to keep the moratorium in place if you finish the 
comp plan before then. You can roll it back, you can remove the moratorium 
but at least it gives the pause, but it also gives the developers to know what to 
expect. To put a six month moratorium in place when you’re going to build 
something, is it going to be a year, is it not going to be a year is very, you know, 
very inconclusive and you don’t know what’s going on. So, if I’m going to 
develop something I want to know in a year that this comp plan is going to be 
moving forward. You know we are also not putting the moratorium on EPCAL. 
You know this is an ideal place that we were slotted to  have this kind of 
industrial development and you know, maybe the effort should be put into 
getting that moving forward so that we can development that property there not 
on the two lane roads and over saturate A, B and C that was never meant to be 
there with the zoning that we currently have. So just some thoughts on that and 
I also on the Resolution, the salary increases, I’ll speak to 2023 -14. In the 
resolution it says, and this refers to Mr. Murphree, the three percent increase in 
annual salary, I believe it’s written in the other ones as well, it says in addition 
to the salaries set forth in the resolution, are there salary increases already from 
2022 to 2023 on these different resolutions that are raising salaries?” 
 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Yes there are, Bill, he’s got the whole sheets. He’s 
got the accountant sheets.” 
 
(Inaudible) 
 
Bill Rothaar : “There are union and some nonunion employees that 
receive a step. In the first re solution there’s a one point two five percent step 
increase in union people and some nonunion people. So yes, this is one point 
two five percent over from last year (inaudible).” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Chip, if there anyone online?” 
 
Mike Foley : “Good aftern oon and Happy New Year everybody. Mike 
Foley from Reeves Park, thank you. I’d like to speak collectively on the salary 
increases and actually Bill, I’m glad you mentioned the step increase, I was 
curious about that and certainly I am wholeheartedly support ive of these 
additional over -step increases in (audible). As everybody knows our cost of 
living is about seven percent. As those of you who are collecting social security 
or veterans’ disability benefits, we’re  getting about eight and a half percent in 
cost of living increases. I think it’s only fair for the people we always praise in 
town workers that they get some consideration for the inflation that they too are 
incumbered with and one of the main reasons I think I might have been the only 
one Yvette wh o spoke in favor of the town piercing the cap, was in 
contemplation of your spreading some of that additional money to the 
employees of this town so I applaud you for that and I wholeheartedly support 
all of those increases that are in and above the step. Just one second I want to 
talk about the Riverhead Police Department. I look in here at the annual salaries 
that were posted as part of these agenda packets that are for the resolution and I 
see that the average Riverhead Police Officer, I’m assuming the t op pay is at a 
hundred and thirty -one thousand dollars. That’s a tremendous salary when you 
compare it to the NYPD. Yvette, I know you’re familiar with the NYPD and I 
pulled off the salary and benefits from the website. Starting salary for a New 
York City cop is forty-two thousand five hundred dollars. After five and a half 
years they get eight -five thousand dollars. When you include holiday pay, 
longevity pay, uniform allowance and night differential, it comes to about a 
hundred thousand dollars.  
So, I wo uld say that certainly the Riverhead Police Department earns their 
money. The fact that they’re thirty percent higher than the NYPD I think kind 
of says  just how tough it is in law enforcement these days. Certainly, I 
wholeheartedly support all those sala ries as well. I want to talk real quickly 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
about Resolution 28 which has to do with the thirty thousand dollars grants for 
the scrap development program. You know, I heard about this at a work session 
last week where Mark and Dawn and a few other people I d id not recognized 
spoke about the importance of it and I want to congratulate Mark and I want to 
congratulate Dawn and the people who worked with them to get this thirty 
thousand dollar grant. I kind of make an analogy on this being something that 
we are kind of leading the way on Long Island on this program that is of critical 
importance. The same way as we kind of led the way on Long Island on getting 
marijuana legalized and put in retail and in cannabis café locations in Riverhead 
to be determined. Certa inly, Riverhead’s placement of these things was much 
more diverse than the other three towns. I thank Ken for that, Ken Rothwell was 
the guy who led it. He was incredibly objective and inclusive and came up with 
stuff that in some places is more restrictive than the state, which is fine with me, 
it’s a starting point. Like I said at the podium once or twice the (inaudible) 
should not  be the enemy of the good. And finally on Resolution 39 that asks for 
a public hearing on a moratorium. Four out of five members on the Town Board 
have stated publicly that they’re in favor of listening to the public on this. I 
have not heard from the fifth person, I guess we’ll find out when this vote is 
taken. I am hopeful that all five of you vote in favor of this public hear ing. I’m 
not going to talk about the merits or demerits of the public hearing. I’ll just say 
that the two nonresidents.” 
 
Devon Higgins: “Thirty seconds left. Mike, you have thirty seconds.” 
 
Mike Foley: “(Inaudible) that talked about that we will deal wit h that at 
the public hearing. Thank you very much.” 
 
Karen Kemp : Hi, Karen Kemp from Calverton. We absolutely need a 
moratorium, and we absolutely need to have a comprehensive plan. The town 
has an obligation to the community to first complete an updated c omprehensive 
plan in order to address such issues as warehouses, battery storage and 
anaerobic digesters. I find it difficult to believe that the town would even 
consider allowing a six hundred thousand square foot cube warehouse that is 
four times the siz e of Costco (inaudible), in a residential area is where this 
warehouse would be, directly next to homes and a school bus stop across the 
street. So, please instate a moratorium so we can have a comprehensive plan 
now, thank you.” 
 
Matthew Ingber : “Good aft ernoon, Matthew Ingber from the law firm 
Brown, Altman and DiLeo, 538 Board Hollow Road, Suite 301, Melville, NY 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
11747. I’m here today on behalf of HK Ventures in opposition to the proposed 
moratorium as applied to HK Ventures. We have a memorandum that I’ d like to 
submit in the record.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Can I see that please.” 
 
Matthew Ingber : “As provided in the memorandum HK Venture’s 
application is significantly different than the other Calverton industrial 
applications that are noted in the propose d moratorium. For example, the HK 
Ventures filed its site plan application with the town’s Planning Department on 
February 2 nd of 2020, approximately two years, two months and sixteen days 
prior to the other industrial applications in Calverton that would also be subject 
to the moratorium. We also note that the HK Ventures application has been 
unduly delayed throughout the town’s review process and the special facts of 
this matter require that HK Ventures’ application not be subject to the 
moratorium. We note that unlike the other Calverton Industrial applications the 
HK Ventures application is significantly further along in the town’s zoning and 
SEQRA review process. We anticipate receiving a SEQRA finding statement in 
the next thirty to sixty days and the HK Ventures application has already had a 
public hearing before the Zoning Board of Appeals on December 8 th of 2020 
and is again appearing before the Zoning Board on January 12 th of this year and 
finally as provided by the Suffolk County Planning Commission advisory notes, 
a moratorium in quotes, is the most extreme land use application that a 
municipality can take because it suspends completely the rights of landowners 
to use their property. As such, the Suffolk County Planning Commission 
recommends that a  moratorium be limited and that it should not be used to 
delay controversial development applications. Here the moratorium is overly 
broad as it does not take into account of the unique facts of the HK Ventures 
application and fails to distinguish it from the other Calverton Industrial 
applications. Further, we submit that this memorandum, this moratorium, 
cannot be used to further delay controversial applications in Calverton such as 
HK Ventures application. On behalf of my client, thank you for your time.” 
 
Marilyn Hamilton: “Good afternoon members of the Board. My name is 
Marilyn Hamilton, my husband Joseph (Inaudible) as I said on December 20 th. 
We’ve lived in Foxwood Village over two decades and we’ve encouraged so 
many other people to live here also, a  nice, peaceful community. They too are 
enjoying not having to live in the hustle and bustle of the boroughs. We would 
like to continue to live in this great environment without large structures such as 
Amazon warehouses with their numerous trucks and all the traffic and not 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
having battery storehouses surrounding us. Surely there are other sites on which 
these warehouses could be constructed far away from residences such as the 
airport. More investigation has to be done. We already remember we lost and 
suffered from the Costco center development, it’s in our backyard. We hear the 
noise and that really is enough. So, we would like the moratorium. Please 
consider what a former speaker has says about a year instead of six months, 
thank you.” 
 
Taqui Turchin: “Good afternoon. Taqui Turchin Greater Calverton Civic 
Association as their President. I would like to address Resolution 36 I believe it 
is so that you can publish and post a public hearing for a moratorium and I urge 
all five members of our town council to vote yes. People who today that you 
heard from and also on December 20 th the one hundred and twenty plus people 
who signed in with me all agreed in their informed and clearly spoken 
statements that they indeed would like a moratorium. In addition to the 
attendance sheets I have here, there’s also over four hundred people who have 
signed a petition for a moratorium and the last that I will address is the 
gentleman who is the attorney for the applicant HK Ventures. I’m not an 
attorney, I’m not even a paralega l, but what I thought I was hearing was 
something more to the tune of eminent domain verses moratorium. Would you 
please consider that in your thoughts and considerations for a moratorium. 
Thank you very much.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “I just had a quick quest ion Erik. What happened to 
the PIP in Calverton, the resolution? Is that going forward? I looked for it last 
night.” 
 
(Inaudible) 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “The one for PIP, it’s the (inaudible).\?” 
 
(Inaudible) 
 
Councilman Hubbard: “We already did that.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Yeah I know. We already had the public hearing but 
we didn’t vote on it” 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
 
Jefferson Murphree: “The resolution for the adoption for that will be on 
the next Town Board meeting because we’re still within the SEQRA thirty day 
coordination period.” 
 
Erik Howard: “We adopted the resolution, but it isn’t in this packet.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Are you sure? Devon, did we adopt it? I didn’t think 
so.” 
 
Jefferson Murphree: “The resolution for the adoption of that will be on 
the next Town Board meeting.  I couldn’t be on today because we’re still in the 
SEQRA thirty day coordination period.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “That’s what I thought.” 
 
Jefferson Murphree: “Yeah it will be on the next agenda.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “So on the 18th that resolution will go forward?” 
 
Jefferson Murphree: “Yes.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Perfect, okay. So I’m looking at this before we read 
the resolutions and the comment period is over. I’m looking that we have a 
resolution here #39, this is to change code that we have here and this is the one 
everyone is talking about. This resolution can’t change. We put it out to the 
public and then we hold a public hearing on this. We can’t adopt it because then 
we have to republish and then we vote on it. So, this is the actual resolution 
that’s going up and I want to make note of that. I also want to make note that 
about six weeks ago our Planning Board, one member and I know they 
mentioned his name, Densieski, he decided to say hey, let’s cut planning issues, 
let’s punted it to the Town Board an d that’s why we’re here and I’m very 
surprised that we weren’t consulted. I know that we were addressing possible 
oversaturation. We do not want any committee to be harmed whether it’s their 
peace of mind, whether it’s lighting, it’s the environment, wheth er it’s traffic, 
that should never, never happen and that’s the actual purpose of Planning and 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
so I feel when it was brought up people decided okay, well maybe it was 
punted, that’s all he did was punt it to the Board so here we are. We should be 
punting i t back to them because that’s their expertise to make sure that our 
community is not harmed and so there was also and I do have a copy and I 
know they made a reference to it earlier, I do have a copy of a memorandum 
from the Suffolk County Commission, Plan ning Commission, that any 
moratoriums have to be put forward to them before we take action and 
unfortunately people failed us. The actual, and I have a copy here from the 
Suffolk County Planning Commission Advisory, talking about moratoriums on 
building, and one of the members of the Planning Board, Richard O’Dea, is on 
there. So how does, so this had to be addressed in consultation with us and we 
can change. We don’t need a comprehensive plan, that’s like hiding behind 
there and I spoke with colleagues, I spoke to the state, I spoke to the county, I 
spoke to land use attorneys just to educate myself. We can do this by code. So 
once the comprehensive plan is completed yes we can change it ourselves by 
code exactly we don’t need a moratorium. Once the compreh ensive plan is 
completed you still have to have change code and you still have to have a public 
hearing and then change code and then vote on it. So, we’re talking about years 
from now. Whatever the, this six month moratorium we’re back in six months, 
we’re going to have to update it and we stand nowhere but our comprehensive 
plan probably won’t probably be ready for at least two years and then we’re 
going to address this. So, it’s something and believe me, we do not want, I live 
in a community, I share you r thoughts and I understand what you’re saying and 
when I bought my home people misinterpreted intentionally. When I bought a 
piece of land here to build my home and then went into contract, I didn’t want 
anybody to change that and I live across from a far m, (Inaudible) Farm. I went 
into town to make sure that it was agriculturally protected land. I get it. We 
have to deal. We can’t overcome, we can’t bypass the state on our laws and we 
can’t bypass the commission. So this memo is here. I know that the law firm 
made reference to it. We’re supposed to be (inaudible) and then they tell us 
what we can do and if it’s proper. So let things take its course and I just want to 
educate the public. It took a long time and unfortunately I didn’t have that 
information. I had to search it for many, many weeks and you can’t violate 
people’s rights and you can’t violate people’s rights who own homes and who 
own property. So, we’re all equal in this. We’re going to make sure and that’s 
the purpose of the Planning Board and s hame on that being brought forward, 
thrown to us without discussing it with us. They’re the experts, that’s their job 
and they should be abiding by their own planning commission memos, and I’ll 
supply a copy to them. So moving forward.” 
 
Meredith Ritter : “ Just one quick question, I’m sorry. My name is 
Meredith Ritter and I live in Foxwood. You just stated that the resolution will 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
be as written that we read last night in the, what you discussed today, precisely 
as written.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Yeah so, what happens is when we change code, like 
we have our codes, you have them in there and if we’re going to change that 
then we create a resolution and we publish it so that the public is aware of it. It 
gets noticed, it’s called, it’s in the newspaper and then we have a public 
hearing, but it has to stay specifically on tis, we can’t change it otherwise we 
have to repost, it stops the process. So, this will be the resolution. If we’re going 
to have a moratorium, we’re not going to repost and change it, this is t he exact 
resolution that we’re voting on. We’re voting that we’re accepting this 
resolution and that we want a public hearing and then after that we’re taking an 
official vote.” 
 
Meredith Ritter : “A quick question. I didn’t notice if there was 
(inaudible) to extend it written in there or is that just understood?” 
Supervisor Aguiar: “In a moratorium.” 
 
Councilman Hubbard: “This resolution is for six months, for a six month 
moratorium. This is published and post resolution.” 
 
Meredith Ritter: “As I read it last night.” 
 
Councilman Hubbard: “Is for six months.” 
 
Meredith Ritter : “So there’s no understanding there that it could be 
extended.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “It does expire but we can renew it.” 
 
Meredith Ritter: “It does expire but you could renew it.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Yes.” 
 
Meredith Ritter: “Okay, thank you very much.” 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
 
Supervisor Aguiar : “And in six months from now we’re going to be 
exactly where we were, twelve months exactly where we were, comprehensive 
plan exactly where we were. This is all the pro cess and we can do that now, 
change our code and I would highly recommend that the Planning Board, if 
they felt so strongly on that, consult with our code and work towards that 
instead of claiming oh, we’re going to do this moratorium and the same process 
has to happen whether it happens in two years, three years from now, it can 
happen right now.” 
 
Meredith Ritter: “I appreciate your explanation. Thank you very much.” 
 
Laura Jens Smith: “Hi, I know this is out of order and I don’t really want 
to come up he re but Erik, you’re the town attorney and what the Supervisor is 
saying is incorrect. This is a resolution for a public hearing. The Board can 
change the wording in what is written on there before they vote to hold the 
public hearing and announce it, correct?” 
 
Erik Howard: “Yeah, any time before the resolution is adopted and prior 
to publication and prior to the adoption any of the members could propose an 
amendment to it such that it would be published as adopted as amended.” 
 
Laura Jens Smith : “Okay, tha t’s not what was just said. So I mean these 
things should be corrected when they’re put out to the public and secondly the 
point of a public hearing.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Hold on one second.” 
 
Laura Jens Smith : “Just let me finish my sentence. The point 
(inaudible).” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar:  “If you change a resolution at any time and you 
publish, if it’s anything material substantial has to be reposted. So.” 
 
Laura Jens Smith: “One second, that’s not.” 
 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
Erik Howard: “That’s if you’re going to go to a second public hearing. So 
after holding the public hearing there is a feeling or a sense on the Town Board 
that you want to amend what was previously put up for public hearing if it is a 
substantial change then that would have to be republished (inaudible).” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar : “That is exactly what I’m saying. Any time you 
change a resolution (Inaudible).” 
 
Laura Jens Smith : “The whole point, the whole point of the public 
hearing.” 
 
Erik Howard: “(Inaudible) local law.” 
 
Laura Jens Smith : “Right, so the whole point  of the public hearing is to 
hear from the public on the proposed code change, right? So after hearing from 
the public as the Board, you then make your decision whether you’re going to 
vote on it or not or you’ve been suade to change what you’ve presented to the 
public based on the public comments then you would republish it, but to say 
that whatever is put in there is written in stone and cannot be changed you 
know, with the, after the public hearing is incorrect information to the public. 
The point of the  public hearing is so that you can hear the feedback on what 
you’ve proposed to the public and then decide after that and after those 
comments how you feel about it. So you know, at least be clear as to what this 
process is.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “We are clear and thank you for your personal.” 
 
Laura Jens Smith : “I have no personal agenda. These are, these are the 
procedures for putting something forward. These are the legal procedures on 
how you precede to put a code through. It’s no opinion. If you’d like to ask 
your Town Attorney I’m sure he will concur on the process that has to happen 
for this. So, when you’re telling the public something different that is incorrect, 
you know it’s very had to standby and just let the facts perpetuate themselves so 
that’s the reason I’m up here and thank you for (inaudible).” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “And thank you for being up here but the fact of the 
matter is anytime you have a public hearing and you post and you change a 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
resolution okay, especially if it’s something substan tial, you have to repost and 
restart the process. Let’s not go back and forth, making (inaudible).” 
 
Laura Jens Smith: “That is, that is how it works, correct.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar : “Let’s move forward. Julie can you call the 
resolutions?” 
IX. RESOLUTIONS 
1. 2023-1  Sets Elected Official's Salaries for 2023  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
2. 2023-2  Sets Salaries of General Town Employees for the Year 2023  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
3. 2023-3  Sets Salaries of Highway Department for the Year 2023  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
4. 2023-4  Sets Salaries of Police Officers for the Year 2023  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
5. 2023-5  Sets Salaries of Sewer/Scavenger Waste District for the Year 
2023  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
6. 2023-6  Sets Salaries of Street Lighting District for the Year 2023  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
7. 2023-7  Sets Salaries of Various Boards for the Year 2023  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
8. 2023-8  Sets Salaries of Water District Employees for the Year 2023  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9. 2023-9  Approves Salary Increase for a Network and Systems Specialist 
II  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
10. 2023-10  Approves a Salary Increase for Legislative Secretary  
Resolution #10 
 
Councilman Beyrodt:    “Approves a Salary Increase for 
Legislative Secretary, so moved.” 
 
Councilman Rothwell:  “Seconded.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar:    “Vote please.”   
 
 The Vote: “Kern, yes;   Rothwell, yes;  Beyrodt.” 
 
Councilman Beyrodt : “Thank you to Ca rol. She does a great job 
and it’s well deserved, yes.” 
 
Vote Continued: “Hubbard, yes;  Aguiar.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar : “Bill, I have a question. This raise, does that 
include the five percent we gave the town, every employee? Where’s 
Bill? Every employee got a five percent raise. I want to know if this is an 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
additional raise because this did not go through the process. This did not 
go through the budgetary process, myself, Bill. Yeah go ahead.” 
 
Bill Rothaar : “This is just a straight seven and a half percent  
increase over the 2022 salary filing.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Right, so it’s not, she doesn’t get an additional 
five percent?” 
 
Bill Rothaar: ‘She did not get the step we spoke about earlier.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar : “Okay so seventy -five. I’m going to vote no.  
This did not go through the process. You weren’t aware of it. The labor 
attorney wasn’t aware of it, myself as the budget officer, so I’m going to 
vote no.” 
 
Julie O’Neill: “Resolution is adopted.” 
RESULT: ADOPTED [4 TO 1] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Tim Hubbard, Frank Beyrodt Jr., Kenneth Rothwell, Robert 
Kern 
NAYS: Yvette Aguiar 
 
11. 2023-11  Approves Salary Increase for a Part-Time Office Assistant  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
12. 2023-12  Approves Salary Increase for Senior Wastewater Treatment 
Plant Operator II  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
13. 2023-13  Approves Salary Increase for a Part-Time Housing Inspector  
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
14. 2023-14  Approves Salary Increase for Town Building and Planning 
Administrator  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
15. 2023-15  Approves Salary Increase for Superintendent of Recreation  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
16. 2023-16  Approves Salary Increase for an Accountant  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
17. 2023-17  Approves Salary Increase for an Account Clerk  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
18. 2023-18  Approves Salary Increase for Mini-Bus Driver  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
19. 2023-19  Approves Salary Increase for a Cook  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
20. 2023-20  Approves Salary Increase for Assistant Town Engineer  
Resolution #20 
 
Councilman Kern:   “Approves Salary Increase for 
Assistant Town Engineer, so moved.” 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
 
 Councilman Hubbard:  “Seconded.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar:  “Vote please.” 
 
 The Vote: “Kern, yes;   Rothwell, yes;   Beyrodt.” 
 
Councilman Beyrodt: “I’d like to take a moment to echo the words 
of Mike who spoke eloquently about the great work that happens with 
our town employees every single  day. I got a text message from Ken 
Testa this morning saying that the fire negotiated increase was not 
reflected in this resolution and he was promised something other than 
what this resolution says. Unless Bill can come up and say otherwise, I’d 
like to vote no on this, but I’d like to hear your input before and I only 
bring it up as liaison to the engineering department and we have a great 
engineering department led by Drew Dillingham. They do great work and 
by the way we’re about to incumber on the town  square which the 
engineering department is intimately working with and the conversion of 
Second Street which they are intimately working on it. So, I just want to 
make sure that what he was promised is in this resolution.” 
 
Bill Rothaar : “So this resoluti on does not get him to the twelve 
thousand, the potential increase in the CSCA contract which he will 
benefit from would get him to that twelve thousand that he was told.” 
 
Councilman Beyrodt : “And during budget negotiations that was 
explained to him?” 
 
Bill Rothaar : “No, budget negotiations, that wasn’t explained to 
him. He wasn’t in on the budget negotiations but there was a 
conversation after that where he asked about it and we explained to him 
that with the three, with the step with the five percent and  with the union 
increase he’s also entitled to, he will get to that twelve thousand.” 
 
Councilman Beyrodt: “Understood. I vote no, thank you.” 
 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
Vote Continued: “Hubbard, yes;  Aguiar.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: Yes, it’s built in and I researched it last night. 
We have to wait for the contract. He wanted close to twelve thousand 
dollars. I think it comes up to eleven thousand eight hundred which is 
pretty substantial raise. I think it’s actually  the highest or one of the 
highest received so it is built into it. We just have to settle our contract 
negotiations and he misunderstood. He did text everybody. Bill did 
explain it to him yesterday. I think he’s going to be reaching eleven 
thousand eight hundred so I’m going to vote yes.” 
 
Councilman Rothwell : “(Inaudible ) KEN Testa is just absolutely 
incredible. He’s one of the town’s top employees and Frank and I’m 
absolutely looking out to make sure that he’s protected. I did have a 
meeting with him, and Councilman Hubbard was on the cell phone when 
we discussed this an d when we calculated everything right now we are 
still in negotiations with the union contract but should it fall in the market 
of five thousand he’ll be receiving twelve thousand two hundred and 
fifty-eight dollars so he gets his raise and that’s part of the conversation 
we had with him so he will receive what was promised.”  
 
Julie O’Neill: “Resolution was adopted.” 
RESULT: ADOPTED [4 TO 1] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Yvette Aguiar, Tim Hubbard, Kenneth Rothwell, Robert Kern 
NAYS: Frank Beyrodt Jr. 
 
21. 2023-21  Approves a Salary Increase for Town Engineer  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
22. 2023-22  Approves Salary Increase for Tax Cashier  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
23. 2023-23  Promotion of a Sewer District Employee to Wastewater 
Treatment Plant Operator IIA  
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
24. 2023-24  Promotion of a Sewer District Employee to Wastewater 
Treatment Plant Operator IIA  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
25. 2023-25  Ratifies the Promotion of a Police Officer to the Position of 
Detective Grade III  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
26. 2023-26  Reappoints Town Historian  
Resolution #26 
 
Councilman Beyrodt;  “Reappoints Town Historian, so moved.” 
 
Councilman Rothwell: “Seconded.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar:  “Vote please.” 
 
 The Vote: “Kern, yes;   Rothwell.” 
 
 Councilman Rothwell: “Always a great job Georgette, yes.” 
 
Vote Continued: “Beyrodt.” 
 
Councilman Beyrodt : “One of the  unheralded employees of the 
town and does a dynamite job. Thank you for everything, yes.” 
 
Vote Continued: “Hubbard.” 
 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
Councilman Hubbard: “Well said my colleagues, yes.” 
 
Vote Continued: “Aguiar, yes, absolutely.  Resolution is adopted.” 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
27. 2023-27  Approves Special Event Chapter 255 Application for Andrews 
Top Gun 5K Run  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
28. 2023-28  Authorizes Grant Application to NYSDEC for Municipal Food 
Scraps Recycling Initiative  
Resolution #28 
 
Councilman Kern:   “Authorizes Grant Application 
to NYSDEC for Municipal Food Scraps Recycling Initiative, Mark, yes.” 
 
Councilman Hubbard:  “Seconded.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar:    “Vote please.”   
 
 The Vote : “Kern, yes;   Rothwell, yes;  Beyrodt, yes, of course;  
Hubbard.” 
 
Councilman Hubbard : Thank you Mark and the committee. We 
really appreciate it, great job also (inaudible), yes.” 
 
Mark Haubner : “I want to thank everybody on the team, that’s 
Drew Dillingham, Jason Blizzard, Shannon from engineering, I don’t 
remember her las t name jumped in on this thing, Dawn and Frank 
jumped in on this thing from the great writing department. Frank is our 
liaison, my entire environmental advisory committee including George 
Bartnick who kicked this off with the NYSERTA work over the last two  
years and the civics, Taqui Turchin for Greater Calverton Civic. The 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
engagement of the community has been amazing. I see nothing but better 
things coming from this, and we have set the trend, thank you.” 
 
Julie O’Neill: “Resolution is adopted.” 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
29. 2023-29  Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute a Musical Works License 
Agreement with SESAC  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
30. 2023-30  Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute an Agreement with  D & 
B Engineers and Architects, P.C., Regarding a Portion of the Town of 
Riverhead’s Stormwater Management Program  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
31. 2023-31  Authorizes Supervisor to Sign License Agreement with Dress 
for Success Brookhaven, Inc.  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
32. 2023-32  Appoints Financial Advisor  
Resolution #32 
 
Councilman Kern:   “Appoints Financial Advisor, so 
moved.” 
 
 Councilman Hubbard:  “Seconded.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar:  “Vote please.” 
 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
 The Vote: “Kern, yes;   Rothwell, yes;   Beyrodt, yes;  Hubbard, yes  
Aguiar.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar : “Bill, can you ju st give me a little bit of a 
background. Is Bill here, on this resolution please? Who is this person 
and what are they charging us? What is their purpose? I know there was a 
prior resolution right on this.” 
 
Bill Rothaar : “So we put out a RFP last year for  a financial 
advisor. Our financial advisor was one who goes out and sells our bonds, 
files our SEC reports and offering statements in order to sell bonds. So, 
we went out and did a RFP last year in August or September appointed 
them and this is just a rea ppointment for the year. Every year we do this 
for a financial advisor.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Okay.” 
 
Vote Continued: “Aguiar, yes. Resolution is adopted.” 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
33. 2023-33  Adopts 2023 Investment Policy  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
34. 2023-34  Establishes Standard Work Day for Elected and Appointed 
Official  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
35. 2023-35  Appoints Official Newspaper for the Town of Riverhead  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
36. 2023-36  Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program  
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
Resolution #36 
 
Councilman Kern:   “Adopts Workplace Violence 
Protection Program, so moved.” 
 
 Councilman Hubbard:  “Seconded.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar:  “Vote please.” 
 
 The Vote: “Kern, yes;   Rothwell, yes;   Beyrodt, yes;  Hubbard, yes;  
Aguiar.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Yes, and I see that we have this plan in place. 
Erik, so we’re, can you, now that we’re dealing and catching up with the 
required federal law saying that we need a workplace violence, we also 
need the sexual harassment part in place. I think we have that, right  that 
the employees get and we also need to possibly adopt a code of ethics 
yes.” 
 
Erik Howard: “We have that (Inaudible).” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Under Article 18 of the general municipal law 
updating, that’s what all the towns, they update this state contr oller code 
of ethics and I think we’re the only ones in the town lagging behind and I 
think we have the OSHEA.” 
 
Erik Howard: “(Inaudible).” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “All the towns won’t be adopting it. Our plan, I 
actually looked at it today, our ethics code, let me finish. I actually 
looked at it today before I came here and it’s old. The last amendment 
was 2004. So, I actually called, I called Southold right before the 
meeting. I called a bunch of, they’re all adopted, the controller’s, the state 
controller’s model, so maybe you have to just look at it and update it. I’m 
going to vote yes but we have to update our codes and our other plans, 
yes. Resolution is adopted.” 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
37. 2023-37  Extends Bid for Dense Soda Ash 58% Under the Bid for 
Chemicals for Riverhead Sewer District  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
38. 2023-38  Authorizes the Town Clerk to Publish and Post Notice to 
Bidders for Sewer Chemicals  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
39. 2023-39  Schedules a Public Hearing and Authorizes Town Clerk to 
Publish and Post a Public Notice of Public Hearing to Consider a Local 
Law Imposing a Six (6)  Month Moratorium on the Development of 
Properties Located Within the Industrial A, Industrial B, and Industrial C 
Zoning Use Districts Within the Hamlet of Calverton (Zip Code 11933) 
Within the Town of Riverhead  
Resolution #39 
 
Councilman Hubbard:  “Schedules a Public Hearing and 
Authorizes Tow n Clerk to Publish and Post a Public Notice of Public 
Hearing to Consider a Local Law Imposing a Six (6) Month Moratorium 
on the Development of Properties Located Within the Industrial A, 
Industrial B and Industrial C Zoning Use Districts Within the Hamlet  of 
Calverton (Zip Code 11933) Within the Town of Riverhead so moved.” 
 
 Councilman Beyrodt: “Second.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar:   “Vote please.”   
 
 The Vote: “Kern.” 
 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
Councilman Kern : “I going to vote no on this, and I want to be 
clear from the beginning that I will look at a code with exceptions. I will 
not do a blanket even for six months moratorium:” 
 
Vote Continued: “Rothwell.” 
 
Councilman Rothwell : “I think a lot of the problem with 
development is smore involved with the variances that are given and not 
necessarily staying within the standards of the current code in place. I 
just don’t feel like it’s proper for us to take the property rights of owners 
away by imposing a moratorium. I think the town does need to bring in 
high-tech jobs and I think it will pl ay outside of the EPCAL facility and 
the fenced property and the surrounding areas of Calverton, it is the 
industrial area. I just think voting on a six month moratorium is just a 
setup for asking developers to pause and to not come to the town and to 
put off any investments here. Nothing is going to be completed in six 
months, this we know. I don’t feel anything is going to be completed in a 
year. If you’re standing by the comprehensive plan, I think eighteen 
months is a minimum, so I don’t understand and I don’t want to send the 
wrong message. I know I have absolutely stood up here and I’ve actually 
said that I’m always open to the public’s input, but I also think that at the 
same point we have to do our due diligence and I think we’re going to 
put ourselv es in a very poor legal position as well by stopping 
moratoriums. We have to, we do listen to the Suffolk County Planning 
Commission and other aspects of law that is in fact in place and so I 
know there’s passion behind it and that is a great reason why pe ople 
would like to see a moratorium. I do like hearing, and I always ask for 
the publics input but I think this time doing my due diligence and doing 
my own research I don’t think it’s the right way to proceed and therefore 
I vote no.” 
 
Vote Continued: “Beyrodt.” 
 
Councilman Beyrodt : “I would like a little clarification from the 
town attorney that we’re voting on scheduling a public hearing on a 
potential six month moratorium only.” 
 
Erik Howard: “Yes, that is correct.” 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
 
Councilman Beyrodt: “I vote yes to give the public hearings.” 
 
Vote Continued: “Hubbard.” 
 
Councilman Hubbard: “I somewhat offered this. I strongly believe 
that six months is not long enough, but it was a starting point. I believe 
we are paying in excess of eight hundred thousand dollars for  a comp 
plan between what we’ve already paid out with one contract and what 
we’re going to pay out with a future contract. To me you’re just wasting 
your money if you don’t listen to the comprehensive plan. The last plan 
was done in 2003. Times have change d drastically since then. Why we 
need the new comprehensive plan, the new comprehensive plan, nobody 
is hiding behind it. It will be a way to guide us to proper planning for the 
Town of Riverhead. Our own Planning Board has recommended this to 
us. The fact  that we don’t want to go at least six months to wait for the 
comprehensive plan to take a look at the Calverton area first and 
foremost in regards to Industrial A, B and C, I think that’s a shame that 
the Board doesn’t want to wait at least six months. Th e developers are 
sitting out here with bated breath. Six months is not going to hurt them. 
They’re not going away. Some of these projects even with the 
comprehensive plan will be coming into town people. I will tell you that. 
There are going to be certain projects that are going to be coming into 
town. We are going to have anaerobic digesters in some point in time. 
We are going to have battery energy storage systems. I’m not against 
either one of those. What I’m against particularly with this resolution is 
the massive amounts of development that have come in all at once to one 
particular area of our town. That’s why the moratorium is needed to 
pump the brakes, take a look at this, let the experts take a look at it and 
let us come up with a cohesive comprehen sive plan that will satisfy both 
the developers and the residents of this town. I absolutely and strongly 
vote yes to this publish and post.” 
 
Vote Continued: “Aguiar.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar : “Well, I’m always open to hearing from the 
public and I hope that I  continue hearing from the public. These projects 
should never injure our residents, our villages and I am fully supportive 
of what’s going on but we need the Planning Board and it is their 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
responsibility, that’s why it’s called planning board, and they sh ould be 
guided by their own commission memos. Again, they punted it to us. One 
particular person punted it to us and they took a vote on it. I will be 
sending them their planning commission memo where one member of the 
planning board is on there. This is n ot researched. This is a faulty 
resolution. I’ve looked at other resolutions from other towns and there are 
significant differences. You also have to always put exceptions on it, 
hardships, that’s not even included here and so given that, I’m not going 
to vote to hear from the public on a faulty resolution. This should be dealt 
with and can be dealt with right now through code. That’s what 
eventually is going to happen. We have a comprehensive plan. They’re 
telling us fourteen months, that’s going to turn i nto eighteen months, 
that’s going to turn into two years. After that what’s going to happen we 
have to do the same thing we could have done today, go to code, change 
the code and then adopt it, have public hearings and then adopt it. 
Nothing changes. All w e’re doing is stopping progress here, letting the 
people know and not handling the problem ourselves. I’m handling the 
problem. I’m not Densieski who decided to throw it back to us without 
consulting with us and us working on this. It could be changed righ t now 
through code. It’s a faulty resolution. It’s (inaudible) by the Suffolk 
County Planning Commission, advising memo, volume two, issue one, 
Spring of 1998 and one of the planning members, Richard Dea from 
Riverhead Town is on that. Be guided by your ow n memo and let’s work 
together. Let’s get this done and make sure that our communities are not 
injured, and I’ll be the first one behind you guys supporting you. We 
don’t want this. We don’t want an over saturation, but we can’t stop 
progress and it’s real  easy. I brought this before all the towns, all the 
Supervisors, all ten of us are sitting there and there’s that’s (inaudible). 
You should deal with it, it’s your code, it’s your planning Board. Every 
single one was saying, how do you do that in Riverhead . Yes, other 
towns have moratoriums but it’s very limited and it’s not to wait two 
years, three years. For example, Southampton did a moratorium because 
all the hotel rooms were turning into condos. So, they had to put a stop 
just on some items specific, i t was short and they needed the code and 
they moved forward. I was talking to Hempstead Supervisor. He said we 
have one in place because we’re ninety -seven percent built out. That’s 
when you really need a moratorium, when there’s a danger to us and to 
our town. In our case I’m going to recommend going back to the 
Planning Board, work with us, help us change our code, continue doing 
your job. I’m going to vote no.” 
 
Julie O’Neill: “Resolution is not adopted.” 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
 
Councilman Hubbard : “Just for the record I want to say there is 
nothing illegal about this resolution.” 
RESULT: NOT ADOPTED [2 TO 3] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Tim Hubbard, Frank Beyrodt Jr. 
NAYS: Yvette Aguiar, Kenneth Rothwell, Robert Kern 
 
40. 2023-40  Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute Third Amendment to 
Agreement with Property Registration Champions D/B/A PROCHAMPS  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
41. 2023-41  Authorizes Settlement of Legal Action by Judith Ann Lee 
Against the Town of Riverhead  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
42. 2023-42  Pays Bills  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
43. 2023-43  Appointment of a Probationary Police Officer to the Police 
Department.  
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
X. OPEN COMMENTS FROM THE PUBLIC 
Supervisor Aguiar: “This is going to  conclude our r esolutions for today 
and at this point we’re going to open up the meeting for comment on any other 
matter from the public.” 
 
Kathy McGraw: “Kathy McGraw, Northville. We really feel like we’re 
beating out heads against a concrete wall. I urge you again to s uspend action on 
the proposed zoning amendments allowing battery energy storage systems and 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
anaerobic digesters pending the completion of the comp plan update. I said it 
before, I don’t understand what the rush is. I’m not opposed to these uses but 
they are uniquely suited to study by the comp plan consultants. You are wasting 
taxpayer dollars if you don’t let the consultants study these new uses and make 
recommendations as the contract asks those consultants to do and is paying 
them to do. Again Supervisor, yes we do listen to WRIV. You insisted that with 
these new codes you would not let a battery energy storage system next to 
Glenwood Village on Mill Road. You said you would protect those residents. 
The reality is if you move forward with these zoning cod e changes, you may 
believe you can protect them, but you can’t. If the code is passed Hexagon can 
go before the ZBA for a special exception to  build on Mill Road. Do you really 
think they would have appeared here at the last Town Board meeting and 
brought their consultants if they don’t believe they can get that exception from 
the ZBA and most importantly you have and should not have any control over 
the ZBA decisions. They alone can approve that project on Mill Road next to 
Glenwood. You can do nothing ab out it and contrary to your description on the 
same matter to Bruce (Inaudible) or Barbara Blass as a blast from the past who 
is out of touch and just one voice. I venture to say she knows infinitely more 
than you do about planning, and she is not just one voice. Witness the masses of 
people who have come before you all in Town Hall objecting to moving 
forward on these zoning code changes until the comp plan is updated. So again, 
I ask you Town Board members to suspend action on the new zoning codes 
until t he comp plan update is completed. But it’s pretty clear from the 
comments I head here today that you all don’t believe other than Mr. Hubbard, 
you don’t believe in the comp plan. You believe you should go forward 
piecemeal, changing the code, making the ch anges so developers can get what 
they want and basically you don’t believe in a comp plan and if you don’t, why 
are you spending four hundred and twenty thousand dollars more of the 
taxpayer’s money. What, what is there going to be for the comp plan to do 
when you have changed all the codes come two years from now. I‘d really like 
to know if your town planner agrees with this approach, and I would also like to 
know Supervisor Aguiar if you have signed the contracts with the consultants 
for the comp plan update. Have you done that?” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Thank you for your comments, it’s in the process of 
being completed, it’s in the legal department at the moment.” 
 
(Inaudible) 
 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
Supervisor Aguiar : “It has to go out by certified mail. So, it’s in the 
process of just being completed. Once I sign it they have to get it and complete 
it. By next week we’ll have it done and the comp plan is not the gift of 
everything, it’s just recommendations okay and we need to decide if we’re 
going to accept it.” 
 
Kathy McGraw : “ Why are we spending the money if you’re going to 
change everything before we get a comp plan?” 
Supervisor Aguiar: “We’re not going back and forth, thank you for your 
comment. Moving forward.” 
 
Councilman Rothwell: “I’d like to comment. So, I would just lik e to say 
Ms. McGraw with all due respect you’re complete wrong on your accusations 
about putting code in place. I’ve been working on the last year and a half the 
battery power energy storage code and the best code we have written protects 
the residents and  it certainly protects the residents of Glenwood Village more 
than anyone else in this town because it prohibits battery powered energy 
storage from taking place on our forty property which is zoned adjacent to 
them. It puts it in the proper place around t own and by us setting a zoning 
application and putting it in place it protects the residents because if we sit and 
we wait for the comprehensive plan and we do nothing about battery power 
energy storage, the developers that are looking to be and put their projects along 
side by Glenwood would declare themselves the public energy company and 
they would have the right to go to the state of New York to get their permits and 
there’s nothing we can do about it because we won’t have any code in place to 
protect ourselves. So, the only way to protect is to put code ahead of time and 
we don’t have two years to wait before we decide where these projects are 
going to go and where they’re not because then the State of New York under 
there more recent legislation is goi ng to allow them and allow these projects to 
proceed because they will become public entities and they will go directly and 
receive their permission from the State of New York and we will have no say. 
Our only defense is to say that we have a code in place , and it dictates where 
they are permitted in the town and where they are not, that is the only defense. 
So, everything that you said is completely inaccurate.” 
 
Kathy McGraw: “Do you what that the ZBA passed a special exception 
and Hexagon has already asked for one.” 
 
Councilman Rothwell: “It won’t be permitted in the zoning. 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
 
Laura Jens Smith: “They can continue as a nonconforming use.” 
 
Kathy McGraw: “They can get a special exception. The ZBA can grant 
them a special exception.” 
 
Laura Jens Smith: “Accepting them as a nonconforming use.” 
 
(Inaudible) 
 
Supervisor Aguiar : “Let’s here from the former Supervisor. We’re not 
going back and forth. This is a comment period, not an argument. Not a cross 
examination. If the Board wants to respond it could. Address the entire Board 
collectively and if they want to respond then respond back.” 
 
Laura Jens Smith: “I’m shocked, honestly I cannot believe that you guys 
did not vote to hold a public hearing for this moratorium. Week, after week, 
after week after month, afte r month, for years now the community, the 
constituents of you, the taxpayers of this town have been coming forward to ask 
for a moratorium. They’ve been asked to be heard. This is your opportunity to 
hold a public hearing on record for them to comment on t his moratorium and 
the comprehensive plan and you voted no, unbelievable, unbelievable. And 
secondly, when you talk about the Planning Board, the Planning Board you 
know, I don’t know what you’re saying the Planning Board did but the Planning 
Board cannot enact code and zoning and or enact a moratorium, so they sent 
their opinion to you to enact a moratorium. So, to go back and say the Planning 
Board did this, the Planning Board did that, it’s your job to decide whether to 
do a moratorium or not. It has not hing, the Planning Board has nothing, the 
Planning Board has no ability to do that so that statement, I don’t even know 
what state (inaudible)” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “Hold up, hold up.” 
 
Laura Jens Smith : “Can I finish talking? I have my five minutes. I have  
my five minutes.” 
 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “You keep it up I’m going to ask you to leave.” 
 
Laura Jens Smith: “For finishing my five minutes comment.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar : “Without letting me respond to you, raising your 
voice.” 
 
Laura Jens Smith: “So I will have more time than five minutes?” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar : “You’re raising your voice, you’re stopping the 
meeting and you’re making false accusations.” 
 
Laura  Jens Smith: “So will I have more time than five minutes?” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “You will have it because you need that time.” 
 
Laura Jens Smith: “Alright then go ahead.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar : “The Planning Board’s job is to look at the 
regulations and to enforce them and if there is going to be a moratorium to 
advise us and if us, you’re correct, we do the code. Don’t change things to make 
them appear inaccurate. Yes, we are the ones, we’re fully knowing and that’s 
why we’re sitting here and that’s why we voted for all those. The Planning 
Board, if they saw a lot of projects, we don’t see them the projects th at go in 
unless we ask. So, if the Planning Board saw a problem they should have 
consulted with us and abided by their own memo, that’s where that stands, go 
ahead.” 
 
Laura Jens Smith : “Okay, so the Planning Board sent you a letter more 
than several weeks ago. You’ve had numerous work sessions since then. You 
could have invited the Planning Board to any one of those meetings. You could 
have held a tri Board meeting if you wanted more information from the 
Planning Board. The resolution that was presented tod ay that you said was 
inadequate, you had, it was presented on Thursday, and it’s been presented 
before that. You have a legal team here and I don’t know who the other 
consultants you say you’re consulting with but you know, all of them, you 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
could have adop ted a resolution that you were comfortable enough to put 
forward with the wording instead of going behind and saying oh, I’m not going 
to do it because I didn’t like the resolution. You’re the Supervisor of the town. 
You should be putting forth the resolut ion that you’re comfortable with and if 
you weren’t comfortable enough with the wording as you’re saying then you 
have a town attorney here and a work session where you could have corrected 
it. Instead, you just said to the public no and we don’t want to h ear from you on 
this moratorium. And another thing, the comprehensive plan is what sets your 
zoning code for the future. The zoning that is in place now was based on a 
comprehensive plan that was done twenty years ago to decide the direction of 
this town. We are paying out you know, eight hundred thousand dollars for the 
community to speak as to what the direction this town will be going forward. 
That’s what a comprehensive plan does and then that’s what the zoning is based 
on, the future going forward. Wha t you’re saying to the community is we’re 
taking the comprehensive plan from 2003 that you’ve all agreed to spend lots of 
taxpayer money on to update because you felt it was necessary and are now 
going to use that to enact code for the, for the community t hat everybody has 
agreed is outdated. It’s mind boggling to me, and you should be ashamed of 
yourself and that’s all I have to say, thank you.” 
 
John Cullen : “John Cullen over in Northville. Very disappointed in 
today’s vote. You say you work for the people; you listen to the people. The last 
eight weeks the people have been filling up this room every time and when you 
weren’t here the last meeting the rows were up and down the aisles, not one 
person said I want a moratorium, they all ask that a moratorium be held and 
then we come in and we try and get a six month, the minimum with Tim’s help, 
thank you Tim, my heart goes out to you. I don’t about he three guys to your 
right Tim, I’m starting to really, really lose hope in you guys. I’ve been coming 
to these meetings for years back when Phil Cardinale was in your seat, I was in 
my seat back here. I’ve never seen the room, Board, treat people like I’ve seen 
in the last six weeks. It’s very disappointing. When you voted no, the room left. 
They have been talking  and begging and you come up and say I listen to the 
people, and you don’t listen to the people because for eight weeks people have 
been begging for a moratorium and when you said no, they got up and left and I 
don’t blame them and I’m going to leave now t oo. God bless America. Let’s 
have peace.” 
 
Richard Cole : “Richard Cole, Foxwood Village. I’m a new member of 
the Town of Riverhead meaning that my wife and I were lifelong Nassau 
County residents. We moved to the Town of Riverhead after having vacationed 
in Riverhead for over forty years. We grew to love it and we found that when 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
we retired we would move to Riverhead which we did in October of last year. 
After spending several months renovating our home in Foxwood Village and 
getting acclimated to the commu nity we stated hearing rumblings about what 
the plans were in the Town of Riverhead, and we wouldn’t believe it. Just a 
little bit of history, we had something similar happening in the Village of 
Farmingdale where developers wanted to come in and change the landscape and 
the makeup of the Village of Farmingdale within the Town of Nassau County. 
Several meetings were held and ultimately we convinced the Board to vote no 
against what the developers were planning. It seems the complete opposite 
happens out her e. I don’t understand it. I’ve been attending all the meetings 
along with my wife and all the residents of Foxwood Village along with the 
local hamlets here. They’ve made it clear over the last two and a half years the 
people within these hamlets within th e Town of Riverhead are against the 
developers who are looking to construct these five story warehouses that don’t 
belong here and yet you the Board sit there and don’t listen to your constituents. 
I don’t know how you sit there in good conscience and agre e to side with these 
developers and totally ignore the residents of the Town of Riverhead. I don’t 
understand it. I don’t understand how you could sit there and sleep at night 
making these decisions that you make when it’s obviously it doesn’t agree with 
the people that voted to put you in office. I don’t understand it, I really don’t, 
and I just pray to God that when your terms are up you don’t get voted back 
into office because you’re not doing your job, thank you.” 
 
Jacqueline O’Donnell : “Jacqueline O’Do nnell again from Foxwood 
Village. I just want on the record to express my disappointment in this vote. My 
understanding is that the resolution was for a hearing, not to a vote on a 
moratorium, to vote on a hearing to allow the people to be heard and to not even 
give the community the opportunity to speak for themselves at a hearing I 
believe is very disrespectful to the residents and I thank the two gentlemen who 
did vote for it. I’m so disappointed as are my neighbors and I hope things turn 
around and you start listening to the community. I think we deserve that chance 
to be listened to, thank you.” 
 
Gerald Tracy:  “Good afternoon. My name is Gerald Tracy, a new 
resident of Calverton. I attended my first Board meeting on the 20 th, just the 
other day and what  sparked my interest was the discussion on battery energy 
storage systems, BESS. Why it sparked my interest, I happen to be a retired 
New York City Chief from the FDNY. I have some familiarization with battery 
storage systems and things like that. As a mat ter of fact, they’re installing them 
in high rise buildings throughout Manhattan for the fact that you know, they can 
purchase energy when it’s cheap late at night and they can use it during peak 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
demand. The systems, commercial systems are being installed throughout the 
United States and you may be aware of a news article that was written in the 
New York Post just about a week ago and it basically says New York, the state 
of New York, get ready for blackouts something similar to what’s going on in 
California. It’s amazing they want to do away with fossil fuels out there and 
they’re mandating that people buy electric cars and the infrastructure of 
California can’t even handle let’s saying charging them right now. They’re 
asking, they’re going through brown outs, things like that. I applaud the fact the 
Mr. Rothwell has done his homework on let’s say what’s required if in fact it’s 
inevitable, they’re going to come.” 
 
Councilman Rothwell: “We had brown outs last year on Route 58.” 
 
Gerald Tracy: You know, and to say infrastructure throughout the United 
States, Long Island, the Sate of New York, it needs help and it’s going to 
require battery storage systems. After that meeting I had to leave early, I 
couldn’t come up to the podium. I’d like to submit a letter if  I may and in this 
letter, in essence is what I’m talking about, is all the codes that I reference in 
that letter both New York State codes, chapter 12, international codes, NFDA 
codes, (inaudible) codes. As a matter of fact, I was able to view the meeting  
from the 20 th on TV later on to see some of the other speakers that I missed. 
There was a young man here by the name of Rodgers, Paul Rodgers and I 
believe you may have mentioned the fact that you’re familiar with him. I 
believe he’s one of the most forem ost (inaudible) experts on the subject of 
lithium iron batteries whether it be micro mobility, laptops, he even works with 
the FAA but he mentioned a new listing that batteries, if they’re installed in the 
State of New York right now, they have to meet tha t listing which is very 
important because it also means they have to go through testing which is also a 
part of that list and he was also involved in a, New York City just authorized 
the installation of a battery storage system in Staten Island in a heavil y, 
congested, residential neighborhood. That wouldn’t have happened unless they 
met the requirements of that listing of that test and that test means that 
individual modules within the system will not, if they go into thermal runaway, 
will not propagate to other modules in the system and they will not generate the 
toxic gases. You know I share the community’s concern. I did thirty -0ne years 
in the FDNY protecting the public and you know, they’re welfare. So, I 
certainly am sympathetic and in harmony with th eir concerns and if they meet 
all of those requirements you know, that would mean okay, you can take a look 
at having them installed in this district. The letter also goes on to say I 
introduced myself this morning to the Fire Marshall. I also went over to  the 
firehouse and introduced myself to the district manager. Whereas since I’m now 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
a new member of the community, I’d like to offer my services if you will, not to 
be pretentious but to work with let’s say the Chiefs in the fire department to put 
together a plan wherever the system gets installed, if it’s ever installed in the 
town, to work with them to put together a (inaudible) hazard emergency 
response plan. As a matter of fact I took a look at the site, 81, 87 Mill Road and 
my first suggestion to the fire chief would be okay, there’s a hydrant outside the 
site if you ever need water but the hydrant happens to be across the street and if 
you ever have to use it you’re going to be connecting to it and stretching a line 
across Mill Road basically shutting down the road and you don’t want to do 
that. So, wherever this system is installed you have a private hydrant system if 
you need water. There should be security. The fencing along the Long Island 
Railroad to that site right now is breached, so that’s an is sue and there also 
happens to be an issue with let’s say sabotage to let’s say substations and things 
like that around the country. I don’t know how you can really protect against 
that. But I’d like to work with the Chiefs. Offer my time and assistance bec ause 
I’m part of the neighborhood now. That’s all I’ve got to say. God bless you.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar: “You can contact Councilman Rothwell.” 
 
Councilman Rothwell : “Please reach out to me with your contact 
information so could talk further.” 
 
Gerald Tracy: “Outstanding.” 
 
Councilman Beyrodt: “Chief, thank you so much for your input.” 
 
Gerald Tracy: “I love the neighborhood.” 
 
Supervisor Aguiar : “Thank you everyone. Very interesting meeting. 
We’re going to continue supporting the entire community and this is  going to 
conclude our meeting for today. Can I have a first and a second to close this 
Town Board meeting?  
 
Councilman Beyrodt:   “So moved.” 
 
Councilman Rothwell:  “Second.” 
  
For more information visit our website at www.townofriverheadny.gov  
 
 
Supervisor Aguiar:   “All in favor. All opposed. So moved. 
Everyone please be safe and once again Happy New Year.” 
 
Meeting Adjourned at 3:55 p.m. 
XI. ADJOURNMENT 
The meeting was closed at 3:55 PM 
 
 
 
 
Diane Wilhelm, Town Clerk 
 
NOTICE OF MEETING FOR RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD & RIVERHEAD TOWN 
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT AGENCY  
 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the Town Board Meeting and Riverhead Community 
Development Agency, New York (the “CDA”) meeting scheduled for January 4, 2023 at 2:00 
p.m. at Riverhead Town Hall, 200 Howell Avenue, Riverhead, New York shall proceed as 
scheduled.     
PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE, that in addition to in person attendance, the 
public can watch the January 4, 2023 meetings of the Town Board & CDA via the following 
methods:  
1. Live stream; namely, by viewing it on your television on Channel 22;  
2. Logging on the Town of Riverhead website, www.townofriverheadny.gov and 
clicking on the link “Channel 22” on Quick Links on the home page or by connecting to 
the URL, which is as follows: townofriverheadny.viebit.com/player_live.php  
3. Zoom Meeting, log in as follows: 
https://us02web.zoom.us/j/89328124977?pwd=UzZZSytnUkpQTFRYY05XYkYxcmtxdz09 
 
Webinar ID:   893 2812 4977   Passcode:  844946 
Dial by your location: +1 929 205 6099 (New York)  
PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE , that the public  electing not to attend in 
person will have an opportunity to  be heard, via Zoom, to make their comments and/or 
raise questions regarding any scheduled  public hearings and resolutions  under 
consideration, as applicable, before the CDA & the Town Board of the Town of Riverhead 
at their respective January 4, 2023 meetings, and further participate in the open comment 
period on any matter at the conclusion of the Agenda.  
 
PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE , that upon entering the Zoom meeting, you 
will be placed in a virtual audience. From there, you may either passively watch the 
meeting live, or communicate with the moderator/host your request to make a comment 
during the public  comment section for PUBLIC HEARINGS, RESOLUTIONS and/or 
OPEN COMMENTS. To get the attention of the moderator/host, use the “CHAT” or 
“RAISE HAND” feature, then use the “CHAT” feature to inform the moderator/host of the 
following: 
 
1) Name; 2) Hamlet; 3) Public Hearing, Resolution and/or Open Comment topic. 
 
If you are calling in, please dial *9 to “raise your hand”, so we can acknowledge your 
request to speak. 
 
When it is your turn to speak, your status will be temporarily changed so you can be 
unmuted and visible for the five -minute comment period. After five minutes, you will be 
placed back in the audience. 
 
2.1
Packet Pg. 46
Communication: Notice with Zoom Creditials  (NOTICE)
All comments/questions will be limited to five minutes. Please be patient; your admittance 
will be based on the volume of participants. Any problems or issues ge tting to the Town 
Board meeting via telephone or computer should be directed to (631) 727-3200 x655.  
2.1
Packet Pg. 47
Communication: Notice with Zoom Creditials  (NOTICE)
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-1 
 
SETS ELECTED OFFICIAL'S SALARIES FOR 2023 
 
Councilman Hubbard offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Beyrodt Jr. 
 
WHEREAS the Town Board of the Town of Riverhead sets salaries for elected 
officials.  Now therefore be it  
  
RESOLVED that elected official’s salaries for 2023 are set as follows: 
 
ELECTED OFFICIALS’ SALARIES 
 
             Position          Proposed Salary 
 
Town Supervisor       $115,148 
Town Board Councilpersons (4)     $  48,955 
Town Justices (2)       $ 88,800 
Tax Receiver                  $  88,038 
Assessor Chair       $  101,376 
Assessors (2)       $  88,038 
Town Clerk        $  88,038 
Town Clerk (A)       $   5,000 
Highway Superintendent      $  99,543 
Superintendent of Highway Base Amt. (B)   $ 20,000 
Superintendent of Highway 2023 Only (B)   $  2,500 
  
 
(A) As Registrar of Vital Statistics 
 
And be it further 
 
 RESOLVED that all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy 
of this resolution from the electronic storage device and if needed, a certified copy of 
same may be obtained from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.1
Packet Pg. 48
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution        x       Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: Sets Salaries for Elected Officials for 2023 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: TO SET SALARIES OF ELECTED OFFICIALS FOR 2023 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes     X        No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST            (example:routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
M. Date 
 
 
9.1
Packet Pg. 49
EMPLOYEE TITLE ANNUAL SALARY
Aguiar, Yvette Town Supervisor 115,148.00$          
Wilhelm, Diane Town Clerk 88,038.00$            
Zaleski, Michael Superintendent of Hwys 120,543.00$          
Hulse, Lori Town Justice 88,800.00$            
Walter, Sean Town Justice 88,800.00$            
Tennenberg, Laverne Assessor, Chairperson 101,376.00$          
Brown, Dana Assessor 88,038.00$            
Lipinsky, Meredith Assessor 88,038.00$            
Zaneski, Laurie Receiver of Taxes 88,038.00$            
Beyrodt Jr., Frank Councilman $            48,955.00 
Hubbard, Timothy Councilman $            48,955.00 
Kern, Robert Councilman $            48,955.00 
Rothwell, Kenneth Councilman $            48,955.00 
9.1.a
Packet Pg. 50
Attachment: 2023 Elected Official Only  (2023-1 : Sets Elected Official's Salaries for 2023)
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-2 
 
SETS SALARIES OF GENERAL TOWN EMPLOYEES FOR THE YEAR 2023 
 
Councilman Beyrodt Jr. offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Rothwell 
 
RESOLVED, that the salaries of the  following employees of the Town of 
Riverhead for the year 2023 be and are hereby set as follows on the attached: 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.2
Packet Pg. 51
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution   X            Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Sets Salaries of General Town Employees for the Year 2023 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: to set the 2023 salaries of certain employees 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes    X         No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST       (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.2
Packet Pg. 52
EMPLOYEE GROUP/STEP TITLE ANNUAL SALARY HOURLY
Hazzard, Rebecca 5/10A Assessment Clerk 46,620.82
Squillace-Neal, Annamaria 5/7 Assessment Clerk 42,975.03
Wulffraat, Lisa 9/19 Account Clerk 63,312.27
Ayala, Juan 7/16A Maintenance Mechanic II 65,723.99
Bauerfeind, Paul 1/8A Custodial Worker I 49,184.20
Bowe, Howard 3/9 Groundskeeper I 51,836.84
Falisi, Robert 3/4A Groundskeeper I 46,406.39
Hubbard, Gary 15/19 Maintenance Mechanic V 79,247.93
Hubbard, Robert 7/17A Maintenance Mechanic II 67,025.45
Linnen, Brian 1/3A Custodial Worker I 43,393.18
McKay, Steven 12/18A Grounds Maintenance Supervisor 74,736.10
McMillon, Danny 3/5 Groundskeeper I 47,009.77
Mottern, George 1/19 Custodial Worker I 61,345.35
O'Kula, Stephen 7/5A Maintenance Mechanic II 51,407.90
Rachubka, Zygmunt 8/13A Maintenance Mechanic III 62,946.63
Rambo, Kevin 7/8 Maintenance Mechanic II 54,661.56
Smith, Joseph 7/P Maintenance Mechanic II 48,154.25
Stoddard, John 7/8 Maintenance Mechanic II 54,661.56
Sulzer, Scott 8/16 Maintenance Mechanic III 66,254.92
Zebrowski, David 20/15A Building Maintenance Manager 79,874.28
Thomas, Dawn Community Dev Admin 132,835.10
Collins, Carissa 7/6A Associate Administrator 75,517.37
Maiorana, Joseph 9/14A Asst Community Dev Project Super 106,059.38
Messina, Frank 6/9 Grants Analyst 75,248.43
Thompson, Daniel P/T Housing Inspector 30.99
Dillingham, Drew Town Engineer 136,163.89
Testa, Kenneth Assistant Town Engineer 106,560.58
Blizzard, Jason 6/5 Principal Engineering Aide 67,167.71
Clifford, Shannon 2/11 Administrative Assistant 55,374.87
Piccione, Kenda 4/8A Office Assistant 43,034.13
ASSESSORS
BUILDINGS & GROUNDS
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT
ENGINEERING
9.2.b
Packet Pg. 53
Attachment: 2023 General Fund Only1.23  (2023-2 : Sets Salaries of General Town Employees for the Year 2023)
EMPLOYEE GROUP/STEP TITLE ANNUAL SALARY HOURLY
Rothaar, William Chief Accountant 177,368.02
DiPaola, Jeanette Principal Accountant 102,000.00
Toth, Emily 7/6 Accountant 74,427.15
DeFilippis, Vincent 7/P Accountant 67,885.85
Peeker, Melissa 6/8A Payroll Supervisor 74,238.34
Schroeher, Kathleen 4/14 Principal Account Clerk 72,594.10
Vankurin, Rachel 9/5A Account Clerk 47,152.05
Kreymborg, Henry 9/6A Network and Systems Administrator 86,110.10
DeFilippis, Theresa 6/10 Network and Systems Specialist II 77,268.61
DeFilippis, Theresa Stipend 3,000.00
Kinghan, John 6/6A Network and Systems Specialist II 70,197.98
West, John 6/P Network and Systems Specialist II 63,127.35
Froehlich, Daniel 6/4 Harbormaster I 65,147.53
Case, Georgette Town Historian 9,000.00
Marshak, Dionne Personnel Assistant 62,270.25
Striplin-Tio, Ashley Town Personnel Officer 75,000.00
Behr, Cheryl 9/9A Account Clerk 51,940.26
Maccagli, Elizabeth 4/11 Youth Counselor 67,429.53
Burgess, Sarah 6/7A Justice Court Director 72,218.16
Mabanta, Kristen 11/4 Justice Court Clerk 48,081.70
Morrissey, Roberta 6/11 Justice Court Director 79,288.79
Ronning, Lindsey 11/4 Justice Court Clerk 48,081.70
Vail, Maribeth 12/10A Senior Justice Court Clerk 57,915.22
Waskowiak, Lauren 11/4 Justice Court Clerk 48,081.70
Mansibang, Randy P/T Court Officer 20.40
Schoberl, Anthony P/T Court Officer 20.40
Wansor, Charles P/T Court Officer 20.40
JUSTICE  COURT
FINANCE
HISTORIAN
HUMAN RESOURCES
JUVENILE AID BUREAU
HARBORMASTER
9.2.b
Packet Pg. 54
Attachment: 2023 General Fund Only1.23  (2023-2 : Sets Salaries of General Town Employees for the Year 2023)
EMPLOYEE GROUP/STEP TITLE ANNUAL SALARY HOURLY
Sclafani, Carol Legislative Secretary 45,844.39
Edwards, Susan 2/15 Building Permits Examiner 60,993.50
Hodun, Heather 4/4 Office Assistant 38,488.73
Inghingolo, Michael 6/6 Building Inspector 69,187.89
Kantor, Melissa 2/P Building Permits Examiner 44,147.33
Sofoklis, Andreas 8/17 Senior Building Inspector 105,337.33
Sousa, Eric 6/P Electrical Inspector 63,127.35
  
Murphree, Jefferson Town Building & Planning Adminstrator 133,753.48
Bergman, Gregory 9/4A Planner 81,122.78
Charters, Matthew 9/P Planner 77,382.29
Stewart, Tracy 11/4 Principal Office Assistant 48,081.70
Trojanowski, Heather 7/4 Site Plan Reviewer 70,066.28
Curtis, Michael 12/16 Auto Mechanic IV 71,166.79
Ritter, Jaime 9/12A Account Clerk 55,531.42
Rogers, Thomas 8/7A Auto Mechanic II 55,006.74
Schwarz, Brian 8/P Auto Mechanic II 49,051.82
Zaveski, Timothy 9/19 Auto Mechanic III 71,653.14
Hubbard, Gina 9/15A Account Clerk 59,122.59
Jaeger, Billie Jo 9/14A Account Clerk 57,925.53
Kornafel, Cheryl 9/19 Account Clerk 63,312.27
Moore, Tammy 11/4A Principal Office Assistant 48,713.01
Andruszkiewicz, David 6/17A Fire Marshal I 92,419.96
Zitek, Craig 10/9 Chief Fire Marshal 98,049.16
Keating, Liam 4/P Fire Prevention Inspector 53,657.34
Cassara, Shaye-Ann Office Assistant 19.00
Baird, Kim 1/4 Public Safety Dispatcher I 49,458.11
Buyukdeniz, Deborah 1/15 Public Safety Dispatcher I 63,600.90
Chester, Erin 1/17A Public Safety Dispatcher I 67,060.63
Cichanowicz, Eric 1/P Public Safety Dispatcher I 48,154.22
LEGISLATIVE
LAND MANAGEMENT
BUILDING
PLANNING
MUNICIPAL GARAGE EMPLOYEES
POLICE CIVILIAN
9.2.b
Packet Pg. 55
Attachment: 2023 General Fund Only1.23  (2023-2 : Sets Salaries of General Town Employees for the Year 2023)
EMPLOYEE GROUP/STEP TITLE ANNUAL SALARY HOURLY
Dyson, Jasmine 1/4A Public Safety Dispatcher I 50,110.06
Eibs-Stankaitis, Jessica 1/6A Public Safety Dispatcher I 52,717.84
Elco, Melissa 2/12A Public Safety Dispatcher II 61,666.34
Fleming, William 1/6 Public Safety Dispatcher I 52,065.89
Lopez, Patricia 1/6 Public Safety Dispatcher I 52,065.89
Newman, Tanya 1/17 Public Safety Dispatcher I 66,408.69
Bobinski, Christian PT Public Safety Dispatcher 19.51
Pezzica, Adrian PT Public Safety Dispatcher 19.51
Doroski, Rachel P/T Police Officer 21.00
Flores, Melvin P/T Police Officer 21.00
Kolyer, Zachary P/T Police Officer 21.00
Leonardi, William P/T Police Officer 21.00
Waski, Andrew P/T Police Officer 21.00
Weiss, Mark P/T Police Officer 21.00
Williams, Brandon P/T Police Officer 21.00
Edwards, Bruce Crossing Guard 15.00
Fusco, Marie Crossing Guard 15.00
Galka Madeline Crossing Guard 15.00
Hocker, Patricia Crossing Guard 15.00
Shuot, John Crossing Guard 15.00
Boenig-Kozlowski, Barbara Detention Attendent 15.00
Dorfer, Patricia Detention Attendent 15.00
Hattorff, Philip Detention Attendent 15.00
Sanchez, Daniel Detention Attendent 15.00
Bell, Remy Traffic Control Specialist 16.00
Concannan, Daniel Traffic Control Specialist 16.00
Fideli, Baycan Traffic Control Specialist 16.00
Rothwell, Cameron Traffic Control Officer 15.00
Schoberl, Anthony Traffic Control Specialist 16.00
Baldinucci, Teresa 7/6 Purchasing Agent 74,427.15
Gregorovius, Eva P/T Purchasing Technician 21.00
Coyne, Raymond Superintendant of Recreation I 114,685.18
Coyne, Raymond Stipend 8,000.00
Adams-Korn Rebecca 4/4 Cultural Affairs Supervisor 55,378.86
Eastwood, Colleen 4/17 Recreation Supervisor 77,758.67
Harden, Jordan 2/8A Recreation Leader 51,886.27
Keller, Elizabeth 4/6A Community Relations Specialist 59,682.67
RECREATION
PURCHASING
9.2.b
Packet Pg. 56
Attachment: 2023 General Fund Only1.23  (2023-2 : Sets Salaries of General Town Employees for the Year 2023)
EMPLOYEE GROUP/STEP TITLE ANNUAL SALARY HOURLY
Schandel, Ashley 3/11 Asst Recreation Program Coordinator 61,397.73
Strange, Doris 9/18 Account Clerk 62,115.22
Del Vecchio, Carol Sub-Registrar 300.00
O'Neill, Juliann Deputy Registrar 1,000.00
Clarkin, James 3/16 Laborer 60,284.20
DeLong, Angelo 6/P Automotive Equipment Operator 47,272.30
Turpin, Eric 6/11 Automotive Equipment Operator 57,548.02
Tocci, Kelly Assistant Superintendant of Recreation I 113,045.62
Schwarz, Debra 9/19 Senior Citizens Center Manager 63,312.27
Westwood, Karen 1/10A Senior Citizens Program Supervisor 49,167.97
Griffin, Ethel 4/5A Mini-Bus Driver 40,003.86
Magee, Penelope 4/8 Mini-Bus Driver 42,529.09
Widener, Paulette 4/4A Mini-Bus Driver 38,993.77
White, Anthony 4/9A Mini-Bus Driver 44,044.22
Brown, Carl Recreation Aide 18.03
Danowski, Donna 2/7A Senior Citizen Aide 39,025.67
Klein, Charles 4/9 Senior Cook 43,539.18
Muller, Melissa 2/12 Cook 43,232.36
Sawaya, Joanna 2/6A Cook 38,090.85
Curven, Austin P/T Maintenance Mechanic I 20.91
Foley, Patrick P/T Maintenance Mechanic II 22.19
EISEP PROGRAM
SENIOR CITIZEN PROGRAMS ADMINISTRATION
SENIOR CITIZEN PROGRAMS BUS OPERATIONS
SENIOR CITIZEN PROGRAMS NUTRITION
SENIORS HELPING SENIORS PROGRAM
REGISTRAR OF VITAL STATISTICS
SANITATION DEPARTMENT & YARD WASTE PROGRAM
SENIORS DEPARTMENT
9.2.b
Packet Pg. 57
Attachment: 2023 General Fund Only1.23  (2023-2 : Sets Salaries of General Town Employees for the Year 2023)
EMPLOYEE GROUP/STEP TITLE ANNUAL SALARY HOURLY
Lagun, Magdalena P/T Homemaker 16.56
Occhiogrosso, Crystal P/T Homemaker 16.00
Doohan, Sue Ann Driver/ Messenger 16.00
Higgins, Devon Deputy Town Supervisor 86,895.73
Burkowsky, Debi Town Budget Officer 64,000.00
Cannon, Joann Secretary 46,372.50
Richards, Lisa Deputy Tax Receiver 56,214.63
Uguil, Jessa Bhel 3/6 Tax Cashier 39,065.20
Mottern, Sara Office Assistant 16.00
Howard, Erik Town Attorney 140,737.50
Hurley, Danielle Deputy Town Attorney 115,000.00
Prudenti, Annemarie Deputy Town Attorney 139,939.28
Stafford, Richard Deputy Town Attorney 115,000.00
Buckner, Nicole 9/4 Town Investigator 79,875.95
Downs, Richard 12/7 Senior Town Investigator 103,544.12
Garcia, Jorge 2/6 Code Enforce. Officer-Spanish Speaking 48,357.66
Occhiogrosso, Karen 7/6A Paralegal 75,517.37
O'Connell, Kimberly 11/P Principal Office Assistant 46,819.09
Ruales, Hernan 2/4 Code Enforcement Officer 45,550.77
Seebeck, Catherine 7/4 Paralegal 70,066.28
Soto, Ivan 2/5 Code Enforcement Officer 46,954.22
Del Vecchio, Carol 15/14A Senior Account Clerk 67,591.29
O'Neill, Juliann 9/14A Account Clerk 57,925.53
O'Neill, Juliann Deputy Town Clerk Stipend 2,500.00
Garcia Yohana Clerk-Spanish Speaking 15.00
Apicello, John Deputy Highway Superintendent 85,050.00
SUPERVISOR’S OFFICE
SHARED SERVICES
TAX RECEIVER’S OFFICE
TOWN ATTORNEY
TOWN CLERK
TRANSPORTATION ADMINISTRATION
9.2.b
Packet Pg. 58
Attachment: 2023 General Fund Only1.23  (2023-2 : Sets Salaries of General Town Employees for the Year 2023)
EMPLOYEE GROUP/STEP TITLE ANNUAL SALARY HOURLY
Mottern, Joan 5/8A Chief Office Assistant (HWY) 68,706.23
9.2.b
Packet Pg. 59
Attachment: 2023 General Fund Only1.23  (2023-2 : Sets Salaries of General Town Employees for the Year 2023)
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-3 
 
SETS SALARIES OF HIGHWAY DEPARTMENT FOR THE YEAR 2023 
 
Councilman Rothwell offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Kern 
 
RESOLVED, that the salaries of the following employees of the Town of 
Riverhead Highway Department for the year 202 3 be and are hereby set as follows on 
the attached:  
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.3
Packet Pg. 60
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution    X           Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Sets Salaries of Highway Department for the Year 2023 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: to set certain employees’ salaries for the year 2023 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes    X         No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST         (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.3
Packet Pg. 61
EMPLOYEE GROUP/STEP TITLE ANNUAL SALARY
Arteaga, David 7/13 Heavy Equipment Operator $         61,168.87 
Bakowski, Parker 6/P Automotive Equipment Operator 47,272.30$         
Bancroft, Christopher 6/P Automotive Equipment Operator 47,272.30$         
Bates, Richard 9/18 Construction Equip Operator 70,295.83$         
Bouchard, Ray 7/11A Heavy Equipment Operator $         59,216.67 
Bugge, Christopher 7/11 Heavy Equipment Operator $         58,565.94 
Coach, Elrod 7/11 Heavy Equipment Operator $         58,565.94 
D'Amara, Neil 7/11 Heavy Equipment Operator $         58,565.94 
Davis, Keith 6/7 Automotive Equipment Operator $         52,410.16 
Dick, Andrew 7/11A Heavy Equipment Operator $         59,216.67 
Fink, Keith 8/9 Maintenance Mechanic III (HWY) $         56,991.71 
Fogal, Arthur 9/18 Construction Equip Operator $         70,295.83 
Greenwood, Frank 6/7 Automotive Equipment Operator $         52,410.16 
Hayes, Jarrod 9/11A Construction Equip Operator $         61,473.33 
Hoffman, Bryan 6/P Automotive Equipment Operator 47,272.30$            
Kaiser, Louis 6/4A Automotive Equipment Operator $         49,199.00 
Langan, Kyle 6/P Automotive Equipment Operator 47,272.30$         
Lescenski, Christopher 7/12 Heavy Equipment Operator $         59,867.41 
McKay, Margaret 9/15A Account Clerk (HWY) $         59,122.59 
Meyer, John 6/8A Automotive Equipment Operator $         54,336.86 
Moreno, Joseph 7/11 Heavy Equipment Operator $         58,565.94 
Nagy, Kenneth 12/16A Highway Labor Crew Leader $         71,880.66 
Osman, David 7/9 Heavy Equipment Operator $         55,963.02 
Palazzo, Andrew 6/P Automotive Equipment Operator 47,272.30$         
Pipczynski, James 7/13A Heavy Equipment Operator $         61,819.60 
Reeve, Edward 12/19 Highway Labor Crew Leader 75,449.97$         
Renten Jr., William 9/11A Construction Equip Operator $         61,473.33 
Shaw, Eric 6/8 Automotive Equipment Operator $         53,694.63 
Sheppard, Joseph 6/5 Automotive Equipment Operator $         49,841.23 
Smith, Michael 7/18A Heavy Equipment Operator $         68,326.91 
Stettner, Robert 6/P Automotive Equipment Operator 47,272.30$         
Tedesco, Robert 7/10A Heavy Equipment Operator $         57,915.21 
Tutoli, Michael 6/4A Automotive Equipment Operator $         49,199.00 
Vance, Scott 6/6A Automotive Equipment Operator $         51,767.93 
Vance, Thomas 6/12 Automotive Equipment Operator $         58,832.49 
Williams, Zebedee 7/11A Heavy Equipment Operator $         59,216.67 
Witt, Jeffrey 6/9A Automotive Equipment Operator $         55,621.33 
9.3.c
Packet Pg. 62
Attachment: 2023 Highway Only1.23  (2023-3 : Sets Salaries of Highway Department for the Year 2023)
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-4 
 
SETS SALARIES OF POLICE OFFICERS FOR THE YEAR 2023 
 
Councilman Kern offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Hubbard 
 
RESOLVED, that the salaries of the following empl oyees of the Town of 
Riverhead for the year 2023 be and are hereby set as follows on the attached: 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.4
Packet Pg. 63
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution    X           Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Sets Salaries of Police Officers for the Year 2023 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: to set the 2023 salaries of certain employees 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes    X         No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget 
AST           (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.4
Packet Pg. 64
EMPLOYEE GROUP/STEP TITLE ANNUAL SALARY
Hegermiller, David Chief 207,673.35$                 
Hegermiller, David Emergency Services Coordinator 6,000.00$                    
Smith, Richard Captain 194,245.26$                 
Adlah, Taleb Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Ady, Stephan Police Officer 75,061.90$                   
Altman, Courtney Police Officer 103,387.33$                 
Anderson, Peter Police Officer 89,224.62$                   
Bianco, William Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Boden, Bryan Police Officer 60,899.19$                   
Brogan, Ray Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Burns, Christopher Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Carey, Nicholas Police Officer 103,387.33$                 
Carrieri, Michael Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Castantine, Kaley Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Chiaramonte, Anthony Police Officer 75,061.90$                   
Cichanowicz, Charles Sergeant 143,474.01$                 
Clark, Daniel Police Officer 89,224.62$                   
Clarkin, Christian Police Officer 75,061.90$                   
Clements, Brian Sergeant 155,235.25$                 
Cohen, Eric Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Conyers, Karli Police Officer $                 131,712.76 
Costantini, Sabina Police Officer 60,899.19$                   
Dahlem, John Police Officer 46,736.47$                   
Dempsey, Ian Police Officer 75,061.90$                   
Devereaux, Jonathan Lieutenant 166,884.24$                 
Doscinski, Allison Police Officer 117,550.05$                 
Drost, Brett Police Officer 75,061.90$                   
Evans, Sean Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Frati, Logan Police Officer 75,061.90$                   
Frost, Edward Lieutenant 166,884.24$                 
Heller, Branden Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Hoffman, Daniel Police Officer 103,387.23$                 
Isgro, Dino Sergeant 155,235.25$                 
Keegan, William Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Kitz, Michael Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Kubetz, Jill Sergeant 155,235.25$                 
Laporte, Raymond Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Lennon, Patrick Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Lipinsky, Eric Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Loszewski, Patryk Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Luppens, James Police Officer 60,899.19$                   
Mackie, Sean Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
POLICE OFFICERS
9.4.b
Packet Pg. 65
Attachment: 2023 Police Only revised  (2023-4 : Sets Salaries of Police Officers for the Year 2023)
Mcdermott, Patrick Detective Sergeant 159,148.76$                 
Mcguire, Lauren Police Officer 75,061.90$                   
Mettrock, James Police Officer 60,899.19  
Montalbano, Anthony Sergeant 155,235.25$                 
Montefusco, Cole Police Officer 75,061.90$                   
Monti, Thomas Police Officer 75,061.90$                   
Morris, John Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Mowdy, Michael Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Mudzinski, Matthew Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Murphy, Timothy Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Nava, Eduardo Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Neknez, Katerina Police Officer 75,061.90$                   
Neknez, Matthew Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Oswald, Cameron Police Officer 103,387.23$                 
Pendzick, Christopher Police Officer $                 131,712.76 
Perez, Byron Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Perez Avalos, Nelson Police Officer 75,061.90$                   
Rosini, Giuseppe Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Seal Jr., John Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Selock, Joanna Police Officer 75,061.90$                   
Smith, Christie Police Officer $                 131,712.76 
Sproston, Robert Police Officer $                 131,712.76 
Staker, Matthew Police Officer 75,061.79$                   
Stasiukiewicz, Cole Police Officer 103,387.33$                 
Stevens, William Police Officer 60,899.19$                   
Suprina, Matthew Police Officer 117,550.05$                 
Tam Christopher Sergeant 143,474.01$                 
Thomas, Kevin Police Officer 75,061.90$                   
Treadwell, James Police Officer 117,549.95$                 
Trivelli, Joseph Police Officer 75,061.90$                   
Troyan, Peter Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Vail, John Sergeant 155,235.25$                 
VonVoigt, David Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
VonVoigt, Richard Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Walther, Daniel Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Welsh, James Sergeant 155,235.25$                 
Willsey, Danielle Lieutenant 166,884.24$                 
Wilson, Timothy Police Officer 131,712.76$                 
Wooten, Travis Police Officer 75,061.90$                   
Carey, Edward Detective Grade I 151,143.07$                 
DETECTIVES
9.4.b
Packet Pg. 66
Attachment: 2023 Police Only revised  (2023-4 : Sets Salaries of Police Officers for the Year 2023)
Henry, Michael Detective Grade I 151,143.07$                 
Mauceri, Charles Detective Grade I 151,143.07$                 
Schmidt, Michael Detective Grade I 151,143.07$                 
Freeborn, Richard Detective Grade III 141,314.29$                 
Hogan, Daniel Detective III 141,314.29$                 
Anderson, Jr., Richard Detective III 141,314.29$                 
9.4.b
Packet Pg. 67
Attachment: 2023 Police Only revised  (2023-4 : Sets Salaries of Police Officers for the Year 2023)
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-5 
 
SETS SALARIES OF SEWER/SCAVENGER WASTE DISTRICT FOR THE YEAR 
2023 
 
Councilman Hubbard offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Beyrodt Jr. 
 
RESOLVED, that the salaries of the following employees of the Town of 
Riverhead Sewer/Scavenger Waste District for the year 2023 be and are hereby set as 
follows on the attached:  
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.5
Packet Pg. 68
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution   X            Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Sets Salaries of Sewer/Scavenger Waste District for the year 2023 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: to set certain employees” salaries for 2023 employees  
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   X          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.5
Packet Pg. 69
EMPLOYEE GROUP/STEP TITLE ANNUAL SALARY HOURLY
%
RS/SCA/CS
Reichel, Michael 70/15/15 Wastewater Dist. Super. 157,621.56$    
Reichel, Michael License Stipend 5,000.00$        
Allen, Timothy 70/25/5 Assistant Wastewater Dist. Super. 126,097.25$    
Arrigo, John 0/100/0 14/16A Wastewater Tmt Plant Oper II 74,251.53$      
Attridge, Douglas 0/100/0 18/14 Sr Waste Water Trmt Plant Operator IIIA75,118.20$      
Berry, Justin 100/0/0 7/5A Maintenance Mechanic II $          51,407.90 
Bonne, David 0/0/100 16/4A Sr. Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator IIA58,435.43$      
Crohan, Tyler 100/0/0 14/4A Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator IIA $          56,594.38 
Cybulski, Brian 0/100/0 17/6A Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator 3A62,434.50$      
Gallo, Thomas 100/0/0 17/6 Wastewater Tmt Plant Oper IIA 61,666.01$      
Hodun, Mark 100/0/0 7/4 Maintenance Mechanic II $          49,455.71 
Kirsch, Alex 100/0/0 14/4A Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator IIA $          56,594.38 
McCabe, Sean 100/0/0 14/9 Wastewater Tmt Plant Oper II 63,215.81$      
Okula Kevin 0/0/100 9/4A Wastewater Trt Plnt Operator Trainee $          51,972.17 
Schroeher, Christopher 100/0/0 8/18 Maintenance Mechanic III $          68,901.55 
Sloan, Daniel 0/100/0 9/4A Wastewater Trt Plnt Operator Trainee $          51,972.17 
Sollazzo, Jill 35/60/5 9/15 Account Clerk $          58,524.06 
Trumpatroi, Louis 0/0/100 9/4A Wastewater Trt Plnt Operator Trainee $          51,972.17 
Pray, Michelle 0/100/0 P/T Clerk 12.0000$ 
9.5.a
Packet Pg. 70
Attachment: Copy of 2023 Sewer Only  (2023-5 : Sets Salaries of Sewer/Scavenger Waste District for the Year 2023)
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-6 
 
SETS SALARIES OF STREET LIGHTING DISTRICT FOR THE YEAR 2023 
 
Councilman Beyrodt Jr. offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Rothwell 
 
RESOLVED, that the salaries of the following employees of the Town of 
Riverhead Street Lighting District for the year 2023 be and are hereby set as follows on 
the attached: 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.6
Packet Pg. 71
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution   X            Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Sets Salaries of Street Lighting District for the Year 2023 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: to set the 2023 salary of certain employees 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes    X         No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST            (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.6
Packet Pg. 72
EMPLOYEE GROUP/STEP TITLE ANNUAL SALARY
%
GF/STLT
Commins, Michael 15/18 Electrical Services Supervisor $          77,749.79 
Krupski, Dennis 7/13 Maint. Mechanic II $          61,168.87 
Merker, William 8/14 Maint. Mechanic III $          63,608.29 
Merker, William License Stipend 3,000.00$            
Smith, James 8/15A Maintenance Mechanic III $          65,593.26 
Smith, James License Stipend 3,000.00$            
MacIntosh, George 12/5 Maintenance Mechanic IV $          55,461.84 
9.6.a
Packet Pg. 73
Attachment: 2023 Street lighting only  (2023-6 : Sets Salaries of Street Lighting District for the Year 2023)
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-7 
 
SETS SALARIES OF VARIOUS BOARDS FOR THE YEAR 2023 
 
Councilman Rothwell offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Kern 
 
RESOLVED, that the salaries of the following board members of the various 
board of the Town of Riverhead for the year 2023 be and are hereby set as follows on 
the attached:  
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.7
Packet Pg. 74
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution      X         Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Sets Salaries of Various Boards for the Year 2023 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: to set certain board members’ salaries for 2023 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes     X        No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.7
Packet Pg. 75
EMPLOYEE GROUP/STEP TITLE ANNUAL SALARY HOURLY
Sokoloski, Roy Member- Chair 2,500.00$             
Vacant Member - Vice Chair 2,500.00$             
Ariizumi, Hideaki Board Member 2,500.00$                
Barth, Judy Board Member 2,500.00$             
Shauger, Kelly Board Member 2,500.00$             
Kane, James Member 1,000.00$             
Mills, Brian Member 1,000.00$             
Waski, Joann Member 1,000.00$             
Chairman 100.00$               Stipend
McCabe Sr., Sean M. Member-Chair 970.00$               
Kujawski, Robert Member-Vice Chair 770.00$               
Diem, Michael Member 770.00$               
Fox, Robert Member 770.00$               
Lewin, Duane Member 770.00$               
Thomas, Charles Member 770.00$               
Woodhull, George Member 770.00$               
Waski, Joann Member-Chair 12,000.00$           
Densieski, Edward Member-Vice Chair 9,750.00$             
Baier, Joseph H. Member 9,000.00$             
O'Dea, Richard Member 9,000.00$             
Nunnaro, George Member 9,000.00$             
Mclaughlin, Fred J. Member-Chair 8,000.00$             
Wittmeier, Otto Member-Vice Chair 6,000.00$             
Barnes, Leroy Member 6,000.00$             
Gazzillo, Ralph Member 6,000.00$             
Zaweski, Daniel Member 6,000.00$             
ARCHITECTURAL REVIEW BOARD
ASSESSMENT REVIEW BOARD
CONSERVATION ADVISORY COUNCIL
PLANNING BOARD
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS
9.7.a
Packet Pg. 76
Attachment: 2023 Boards Only  (2023-7 : Sets Salaries of Various Boards for the Year 2023)
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-8 
 
SETS SALARIES OF WATER DISTRICT EMPLOYEES FOR THE YEAR 2023 
 
Councilman Kern offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Hubbard 
 
RESOLVED, that the salaries of the following employees of the Town of 
Riverhead Water District for the year 2023 be and are hereby set as follows on the 
attached:  
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.8
Packet Pg. 77
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     X          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Sets Salaries of Water District Employees for the Year 2023 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: to set the 2023 salaries of certain employees 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes     X        No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget 
AST           (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.8
Packet Pg. 78
Mancini, Frank Water District Superintendant Type I B $           171,078.65 
Flynn, John Asst Water Dist Superintendent Type I B $           134,535.46 
Balzarano, Jesse 7/P Maintenance Mechanic II (Water) 48,154.25$            
Cain, Victoria 3/14 Water Meter Reader $             57,870.67 
Clennan, Sean 15/5 Water Treatment Plant Operator Type II B $             58,273.99 
Coome, Melissa 9/10A Account Clerk (Water) $             53,137.32 
Godzieba, Benjamin 15/5 Water Treatment Plant Operator Type II B $             58,273.99 
Guglielmo, Matthew 15/4 Water Treatment Plant Operator Type II B $             56,775.85 
Halpin, Patrick 15/5 Water Treatment Plant Operator Type II B $             58,273.99 
Halpin, Robin 11/12 Senior Account Clerk (Water) $             58,182.60 
Hubbard, Jason 16/16 Sr Water Trt. Plant Operator IIB $             75,831.56 
Kellar, John 15/12 Water Treatment Plant Operator Type II B $             68,760.96 
Keller, Daniel 15/6A Water Treatment Plant Operator Type II B $             60,521.19 
Letson, John 15/16A Water Treatment Plant Operator Type II B $             75,502.58 
Rosko, Shawn 7/P Maintenance Mechanic II (Water) 48,154.25$            
Volkman, Robert 9/P Water Treatment Plant Operator Trainee 49,936.21$            
Walls, Frank 12/11A Maintenance Mechanic IV Water $             64,742.04 
Wulffraat, Arnold 16/17 Sr Water Trt. Plant Operator IIB $             77,344.27 
Wulffraat, Nicholas 15/4 Water Treatment Plant Operator Type II B $             56,775.85 
WATER DISTRICT
9.8.a
Packet Pg. 79
Attachment: Copy of 2023 Water Only  (2023-8 : Sets Salaries of Water District Employees for the Year 2023)
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-9 
 
APPROVES SALARY INCREASE FOR A NETWORK AND SYSTEMS SPECIALIST II 
 
Councilman Hubbard offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Beyrodt Jr. 
 
WHEREAS, the Chief of Police, David Hegermiller, has requested a salary 
increase for Network and Systems Specialist II John Kinghan; and 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Board did meet with the Chief of Police to review and 
discuss his request for the salary increase; and 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, in recognition of Network and Systems 
Specialist II John Kinghan’s dedication and hard work, the Town Board hereby 
approves an increase in annual salary effective January 1, 2023 in addition to the salary 
set forth in resolution setting salaries for 2023 with no other change to his terms or 
conditions of employment to grade 6 step 8A on the Administrative salary schedule of 
$74,238.34; and  
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk provide a copy of this 
resolution to the Accounting Department, the Chief of Police, and Network and Systems 
Specialist II John Kinghan; and, 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain  
a copy of this resolution from the electronic storage device and if needed, a certified  
copy of same from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.9
Packet Pg. 80
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     X          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Approves Salary Increase for a Network & Systems Specialist II 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Approves Salary Increase for a Network & Systems Specialist II 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   x          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/28/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.9
Packet Pg. 81
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-10 
 
APPROVES A SALARY INCREASE FOR LEGISLATIVE SECRETARY 
 
Councilman Beyrodt Jr. offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Rothwell 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Board has requested a salary increase for  
Legislative Secretary Carol Sclafani; and 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Board did meet with the Finance Department to  
review and discuss the request for the salary increase; and 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED  in recognition of Legislative Secre tary 
Carol Sclafani’s years of service, and continued dedication and hard work, the Town  
Board hereby approves a seven thousand five hundred dollar increase in annual salary 
effective January 1, 2023 in addition to the salary set forth in resolution setti ng salaries 
for 2023 for Legislative Secretary Carol Sclafani with no other change to her terms or 
conditions of employment; and 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk provide a copy of this 
resolution to the Accounting Department, and Legislative Secretary Carol Sclafani; and, 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain 
a copy of this resolution from the electronic storage device and if needed, a certified 
copy of same from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [4 TO 1] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Tim Hubbard, Frank Beyrodt Jr., Kenneth Rothwell, Robert Kern 
NAYS: Yvette Aguiar 
 
9.10
Packet Pg. 82
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     X          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Approves a Salary Increase for Legislative Secretary 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Approves a Salary Increase for Legislative Secretary 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   x          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/28/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.10
Packet Pg. 83
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-11 
 
APPROVES SALARY INCREASE FOR A PART-TIME OFFICE ASSISTANT 
 
Councilman Rothwell offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Kern 
 
WHEREAS, the Wastewater District Superintendent Michael Reichel has 
requested a salary increase for Part-Time Office Assistant, Michelle Pray, and the Town 
Board did meet with the Wastewater District Superintendent Michael Reichel to review 
and discuss his request for the salary increase; and 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Board recognizes the need for a competitive salary as the 
minimum wage continues to increase; and 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, the Town Board hereby approves an 
increase in hourly wage effective January 1, 2023 in addition to the salary set forth in 
resolution setting salaries for 2023 with no other change to her terms or conditions of 
employment to $15.00; and  
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk provide a copy of this 
resolution to the Accounting Department, the Wastewater District Superintendent 
Michael Reichel; and, 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain  
a copy of this resolution from the electronic storage device and if needed, a certified  
copy of same from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.11
Packet Pg. 84
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     X          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Approves Salary Increase for a Part-Time Office Assistant 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Approves Salary Increase for a Part-Time Office Assistant 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   x          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.11
Packet Pg. 85
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-12 
 
APPROVES SALARY INCREASE FOR SENIOR WASTEWATER TREATMENT 
PLANT OPERATOR II 
 
Councilman Kern offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Hubbard 
 
WHEREAS, the Wastewater District Superintendent Michael Reichel has 
requested a salary increase for Senior Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator II, David 
Bonne; and 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Board did meet with the Wastewater District 
Superintendent Michael Reichel to review and discuss his request for the salary 
increase; and 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, the promotion of David Bonne from 
November 7, 2022 did not accurately reflect the desired salary for Senior Wastewater 
Treatment Plant Operator II, David Bonne, the Town Board hereby approves an 
increase in annual salary effective January 1, 2023 in addition to the salary set forth in 
resolution setting salaries for 2023 with no other change to her terms or conditions of 
employment to grade 16 step 5A on the Operational and Technical salary schedule of 
$59,948.14; and  
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk provide a copy of this 
resolution to the Accounting Department, the Wastewater District Superintendent 
Michael Reichel, and Senior Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator II, David Bonne; 
and, 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain  
a copy of this resolution from the electronic storage device and if needed, a certified 
copy of same from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.12
Packet Pg. 86
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     X          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Approves Salary Increase for Senior Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator II 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Approves Salary Increase for Senior Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator II 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   x          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.12
Packet Pg. 87
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-13 
 
APPROVES SALARY INCREASE FOR A PART-TIME HOUSING INSPECTOR 
 
Councilman Hubbard offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Beyrodt Jr. 
 
WHEREAS, the Community Development Project Supervisor Dawn Thomas has 
requested a salary increase for Part-Time Housing Inspector, Daniel Thompson; and 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Board did meet with the Community Development Project 
Supervisor Dawn Thomas to review and discuss her request for the salary increase; 
and 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, in recognition of Part-Time Housing 
Inspector Daniel Thompson’s dedication and hard work, prior knowledge and expertise 
in the Community Development department, the Town Board hereby approves an 
increase in annual salary effective January 1, 2023 in addition to the salary set forth in 
resolution setting salaries for 2023 with no other change to her terms or conditions of 
employment to $32.64 per hour; and  
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk provide a copy of this 
resolution to the Accounting Department, the Community Development Project 
Supervisor Dawn Thomas and Housing Inspector Thompson; and, 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain  
a copy of this resolution from the electronic storage device and if needed, a certified  
copy of same from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.13
Packet Pg. 88
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     X          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Approves Salary Increase for Part-Time Housing Inspector 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Approves Salary Increase for Part-Time Housing Inspector 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   x          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.13
Packet Pg. 89
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-14 
 
APPROVES SALARY INCREASE FOR TOWN BUILDING AND PLANNING 
ADMINISTRATOR 
 
Councilman Beyrodt Jr. offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Rothwell 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Building & Planning Administrator Jefferson Murphree has 
requested a salary increase; and 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Board did meet with the Town Building & Planning 
Administrator to review and discuss his request for the salary increase; and 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, in recognition of Town Building & 
Planning Administrator Jefferson Murphree’s years of service, and continued dedication 
and hard work, the Town Board hereby approves a three percent increase in annual 
salary effective January 1, 2023 salary in addition to the salary set forth in resolution 
setting salaries for 2023 for Town Building & Planning Administrator Jefferson Murphree 
with no other change to his terms or conditions of employment; and  
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk provide a copy of this 
resolution to the Accounting Department, and Town Building & Planning Administrator 
Jefferson Murphree; and, 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain  
a copy of this resolution from the electronic storage device and if needed, a certified  
copy of same from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.14
Packet Pg. 90
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     X          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Approves Salary Increase for Town Building and Planning Administrator 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Approves Salary Increase for Town Building and Planning Administrator 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   x          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.14
Packet Pg. 91
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-15 
 
APPROVES SALARY INCREASE FOR SUPERINTENDENT OF RECREATION 
 
Councilman Rothwell offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Kern 
 
WHEREAS, the Superintendent of Recreation Raymond Coyne has requested a 
salary increase; and 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Board did meet with the Superintendent of Recreation to 
review and discuss his request for the salary increase; and 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Board recognizes the difference between Superintendent 
of Recreation Raymond Coyne’s salary compared to other department heads; and 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, in recognition of Superintendent of 
Recreation Raymond Coyne’s years of service, and continued dedication and hard 
work, the Town Board hereby approves a four percent increase in annual salary 
effective January 1, 2023 salary in addition to the salary set forth in resolution setting 
salaries for 2023 for Superintendent of Recreation Raymond Coyne with no other 
change to his terms or conditions of employment; and  
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk provide a copy of this 
resolution to the Accounting Department, and Superintendent of Recreation Raymond 
Coyne; and, 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain  
a copy of this resolution from the electronic storage device and if needed, a certified  
copy of same from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.15
Packet Pg. 92
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     X          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Approves Salary Increase for Raymond Coyne 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: to make Raymond Coyne’s salary on par with other department heads 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   x          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
M. Date 
 
 
9.15
Packet Pg. 93
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-16 
 
APPROVES SALARY INCREASE FOR AN ACCOUNTANT 
 
Councilman Kern offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Hubbard 
 
WHEREAS, the Financial Administrator Bill Rothaar has requested a salary 
increase for Accountant Emily Toth; and 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Board did meet with the Financial Administrator Bill 
Rothaar to review and discuss his request for the salary increase; and 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, in recognition of Account Emily Toth’s 
dedication and hard work, prior knowledge and expertise in the accounting department 
the Town Board hereby approves an increase in annual salary effective January 1, 2023 
in addition to the salary set forth in resolution setting salaries for 2023 with no other 
change to her terms or conditions of employment to grade 7 step 9 on the 
Administrative salary schedule of $80,968.45; and  
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk provide a copy of this 
resolution to the Accounting Department, the Financial Administrator Bill Rothaar, and 
Accountant Toth; and, 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain  
a copy of this resolution from the electronic storage device and if needed, a certified  
copy of same from the Office of the Town Clerk.  
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.16
Packet Pg. 94
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     X          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Approves Salary Increase for an Accountant 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Approves Salary Increase for an Accountant 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   x          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST         (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.16
Packet Pg. 95
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-17 
 
APPROVES SALARY INCREASE FOR AN ACCOUNT CLERK 
 
Councilman Hubbard offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Beyrodt Jr. 
 
WHEREAS, the Financial Administrator Bill Rothaar has requested a salary 
increase for Account Clerk, Rachel Vankurin; and 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Board did meet with the Financial Administrator Bill 
Rothaar to review and discuss his request for the salary increase; and 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, in recognition of Account Clerk Rachel 
Vankurin’s dedication and hard work, prior knowledge and expertise in the accounting 
department, the Town Board hereby approves an increase in annual salary effective 
January 1, 2023 in addition to the salary set forth in resolution setting salaries for 2023 
with no other change to her terms or conditions of employment to grade 9 step 7A on 
the Clerical and Supervisory salary schedule of $49,546.15; and  
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk provide a copy of this 
resolution to the Accounting Department, the Financial Administrator Bill Rothaar, and 
Account Clerk Vankurin; and, 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain  
a copy of this resolution from the electronic storage device and if needed, a certified  
copy of same from the Office of the Town Clerk.  
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.17
Packet Pg. 96
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     X          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Approves Salary Increase for an Account Clerk 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Approves Salary Increase for an Account Clerk 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   x          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.17
Packet Pg. 97
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-18 
 
APPROVES SALARY INCREASE FOR MINI-BUS DRIVER 
 
Councilman Beyrodt Jr. offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Rothwell 
 
WHEREAS, the Assistant Superintendent of Recreation, Kelly Tocci, has 
requested a salary increase for Mini-Bus Driver Penelope Magee; and 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Board did meet with the Assistant Superintendent of 
Recreation Kelly Tocci to review and discuss her request for the salary increase; and 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, in recognition of Mini-Bus Driver 
Penelope Magee’s dedication and hard work, the Town Board hereby approves an 
increase in annual salary effective January 1, 2023 in addition to the salary set forth in 
resolution setting salaries for 2023 with no other change to her terms or conditions of 
employment to grade 4 step 10A on the Clerical and Supervisory salary schedule of 
$45,054.31; and  
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk provide a copy of this 
resolution to the Accounting Department, the Assistant Superintendent of Recreation 
Kelly Tocci, and Mini-Bus Driver Penelope Magee; and, 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain  
a copy of this resolution from the electronic storage device and if needed, a certified  
copy of same from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.18
Packet Pg. 98
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     X          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} APPROVES SALARY INCREASE FOR MINI-BUS DRIVER 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: APPROVES SALARY INCREASE FOR MINI-BUS DRIVER 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   x          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.18
Packet Pg. 99
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-19 
 
APPROVES SALARY INCREASE FOR A COOK 
 
Councilman Rothwell offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Kern 
 
WHEREAS, the Assistant Superintendent of Recreation Kelly Tocci has 
requested a salary increase for Cook, Joanna Sawaya; and 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Board did meet with the Assistant Superintendent of 
Recreation Kelly Tocci to review and discuss her request for the salary increase; and 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, in recognition of Cook Joanna Sawaya’s 
dedication and hard work, the Town Board hereby approves an increase in annual 
salary effective January 1, 2023 in addition to the salary set forth in resolution setting 
salaries for 2023 with no other change to her terms or conditions of employment to 
grade 2 step 9 on the Clerical and Supervisory salary schedule of $40,427.90; and  
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk provide a copy of this 
resolution to the Accounting Department, the Assistant Superintendent of Recreation 
Kelly Tocci, and Cook Joanna Sawaya; and, 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain  
a copy of this resolution from the electronic storage device and if needed, a certified  
copy of same from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.19
Packet Pg. 100
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     X          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Approves Salary Increase for a Cook 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Approves Salary Increase for a Cook 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   x          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.19
Packet Pg. 101
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-20 
 
APPROVES SALARY INCREASE FOR ASSISTANT TOWN ENGINEER 
 
Councilman Kern offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Hubbard 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Engineer Drew Dillingham has requested a salary 
increase for Assistant Town Engineer Kenneth Testa; and 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Board did meet with the Town Engineer Drew Dillingham 
to review and discuss his request for the salary increase; and 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, in recognition of Assistant Town 
Engineer Kenneth Testa’s dedication and hard work, prior knowledge and expertise in 
the Engineering Department, the Town Board hereby approves a five percent increase 
in annual salary effective January 1, 2023 in addition to the salary set forth in resolution 
setting salaries for 2023 with no other change to his terms or conditions of employment; 
and  
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk provide a copy of this 
resolution to the Accounting Department, Town Engineer Drew Dillingham, and 
Assistant Town Engineer Kenneth Testa; and, 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain  
a copy of this resolution from the electronic storage device and if needed, a certified  
copy of same from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [4 TO 1] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Yvette Aguiar, Tim Hubbard, Kenneth Rothwell, Robert Kern 
NAYS: Frank Beyrodt Jr. 
 
9.20
Packet Pg. 102
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     X          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Approves Salary Increase for Assistant Town Engineer 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Approves Salary Increase for Assistant Town Engineer 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   x          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.20
Packet Pg. 103
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-21 
 
APPROVES A SALARY INCREASE FOR TOWN ENGINEER 
 
Councilman Hubbard offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Beyrodt Jr. 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Engineer Drew Dillingham has requested a salary  
increase; and 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Board did meet with the Town Engineer to review and  
discuss his request for the salary increase; and 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, in recognition of Town Engineer 
Drew Dillingham’s years of service, and continued dedication and hard work, the Town  
Board hereby approves a Seven Thousand Five Hundred Dollar increase in annual 
salary effective January 1, 2023 salary in addition to the salary set forth in resolution 
setting salaries for 2023 for Town Engineer Drew Dillingham with no other change to his 
terms or conditions of employment; and  
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk provide a copy of this 
resolution to the Accounting Department, and the Town Engineer Dillingham; and, 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain  
a copy of this resolution from the electronic storage device and if needed, a certified  
copy of same from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.21
Packet Pg. 104
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     X          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Approves a Salary Increase for Town Engineer Drew Dillingham 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Approves a Salary Increase for Town Engineer Drew Dillingham 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   x          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.21
Packet Pg. 105
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-22 
 
APPROVES SALARY INCREASE FOR TAX CASHIER 
 
Councilman Beyrodt Jr. offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Rothwell 
 
WHEREAS, the Tax Receiver Laurie Zaneski has requested a salary increase for  
Tax Cashier Jessa Bhel Uguil; and 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Board did meet with the Tax Receiver Laurie Zaneski to  
review and discuss her request for the salary increase; and 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, in recognition Tax Cashier Jessa Bhel 
Uguil’s dedication and hard work, prior knowledge and expertise in the Tax Receivers 
office the Town Board hereby approves an increase in annual salary effective January 
1, 2023 in addition to the salary set forth in resolution setting salaries for 2023 with no 
other change to her terms or conditions of employment to grade 3 step 8 on the Clerical 
and Supervisory salary schedule of $41,012.54; and  
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk provide a copy of this 
resolution to the Accounting Department, and Tax Cashier Jessa Bhel Uguil; and, 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain  
a copy of this resolution from the electronic storage device and if needed, a certified  
copy of same from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.22
Packet Pg. 106
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     X          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Approves Salary Increase for Tax Cashier 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Approves Salary Increase for Tax Cashier 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   x          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.22
Packet Pg. 107
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-23 
 
PROMOTION OF A SEWER DISTRICT EMPLOYEE TO WASTEWATER 
TREATMENT PLANT OPERATOR IIA 
 
Councilman Rothwell offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Kern 
 
WHEREAS, Louis Trumpatori, a current employee of the town holding the 
position of Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator Trainee has gained all of the 
necessary certifications determined by New York State as of June 26, 2022 and 
possesses the required qualifications of a Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator IIA; 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that this Town Board hereby promotes 
Louis Trumpatori effective January 1, 2023 and sets his salary at a rate of pay as found 
on Group 14, Step 4A of the Operational and Technical Salary Schedule which is 
$56,594.38 per annum.  
 
  RESOLVED, that all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of 
this resolution from the electronic storage device and, if needed, a certified copy of 
same may be obtained from the Office of the Town Clerk.   
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.23
Packet Pg. 108
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     X          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Promotion of a Sewer District Employee to Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator IIA 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Promotion of a Sewer District Employee to Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator IIA 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   x          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.23
Packet Pg. 109
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-24 
 
PROMOTION OF A SEWER DISTRICT EMPLOYEE TO WASTEWATER 
TREATMENT PLANT OPERATOR IIA 
 
Councilman Kern offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Hubbard 
 
WHEREAS, Kevin Okula, a current employee of the town holding the position of 
Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator Trainee has gained all of the necessary 
certifications determined by New York State and possesses the required qualifications 
of a Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator IIA; 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that this Town Board hereby promotes 
Kevin Okula effective January 1, 2023 and sets his salary at a rate of pay as found on 
Group 14, Step 4A of the Operational and Technical Salary Schedule which is 
$56,594.38 per annum.  
 
  RESOLVED, that all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of 
this resolution from the electronic storage device and, if needed, a certified copy of 
same may be obtained from the Office of the Town Clerk.   
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.24
Packet Pg. 110
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     X          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Promotion of a Sewer District Employee to Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator IIA 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Promotion of a Sewer District Employee to Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator IIA 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   x          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
AST          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/27/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.24
Packet Pg. 111
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-25 
 
RATIFIES THE PROMOTION OF A POLICE OFFICER TO THE POSITION OF 
DETECTIVE GRADE III 
 
Councilman Hubbard offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Beyrodt Jr. 
 
WHEREAS, Police Officer Daniel Hogan has been assigned to the Detective 
Division of the Riverhead Police Department since May 24, 2021; and  
WHEREAS, a recommendation has been forwarded by Chief David J. 
Hegermiller to promote Daniel Hogan to the position of Detective Grade III.  
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that this Town Board hereby accepts 
and ratifies the promotion of Daniel Hogan to the position of Detective Grade III, 
effective November 24, 2022, at an annual salary as is provided in the current labor 
contract that exists between the Riverhead Police Benevolent Association and the Town 
of Riverhead; and  
RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk is hereby directed to forward a copy of this 
resolution to Daniel Hogan, the Chief of Police, the Personnel Officer, and the Financial 
Administrator. Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of this resolution 
from the electronic storage device, and if needed, a certified copy of same can be 
obtained from the office of the Town Clerk.  
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.25
Packet Pg. 112
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution       X        Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title}Ratifies the Promotion of a Police Officer to the Position of Detective Grade III. 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Promotion 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes     X        No               
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget    
TM          (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Tammy 
Moore 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/19/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
M. Date 
 
 
9.25
Packet Pg. 113
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-26 
 
REAPPOINTS TOWN HISTORIAN 
 
Councilman Beyrodt Jr. offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Rothwell 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that Georgette Case be, and is hereby, 
re-appointed to the position of Town Historian for the year 2023 at an annual salary of 
$9,000.00 to be paid biweekly. 
 
RESOLVED, that all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of 
this resolution from the electronic storage device and, if needed, a certified copy of 
same may be obtained from the Office of the Town Clerk.   
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.26
Packet Pg. 114
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution   X            Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Reappoints Town Historian 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: to reappoint the Town Historian for the year 2023 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes      X       No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget 
AST           (example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/13/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/13/22 
 
 
9.26
Packet Pg. 115
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-27 
 
APPROVES SPECIAL EVENT CHAPTER 255 APPLICATION FOR ANDREWS TOP 
GUN 5K RUN 
 
Councilman Rothwell offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Kern 
 
WHEREAS, on December 14, 2022, Donna Lillie, on behalf of Suffolk County 
Boy Scouts Council along with the Andrew McMorris Foundation, submitted a Chapter 
255 Application for the purpose of conducting an Event Entitled Andrew’s Top Gun 5K 
Run, to be held at Calverton Enterprise Park in Riverhead, New York, on Saturday 
March 25, 2023 between the hours of 4:30 am and 2:00 pm, rain or shine; and 
 
WHEREAS, the applicant has paid the requisite Chapter 255 Application fee of 
$350.00 and the Town Board has waived all late fees; and 
 
WHEREAS, Suffolk County Boy Scouts Council along with the Andrew McMorris 
Foundation has completed and filed a Short Environmental Assessment Form in 
accordance with 6 NYCRR 617; and 
 
WHEREAS, A Comprehensive Liability Insurance Policy naming the Town of 
Riverhead, as an additional insured in the amount of $1,000,000 per occurrence             
and $2,000,000 general aggregate. Insurance coverage must include set-up and break-
down time and must list the name, date & location of the event under description of 
operations. If certificate of insurance is not received 30 days prior to the 
commencement of the event, the application shall be deemed incomplete and will be 
DENIED 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Town Board of the Town of 
Riverhead hereby has classified the action as a Type II under SEQRA NYCRR 617.5 C 
(21) and requiring no further environmental review; and be it further 
 
RESOLVED, that the necessary tent permits must be obtained and any tent 
installations and all electric shall comply with the applicable provisions of the NFPA Life 
Safety Code (NFPA 101), the NFPA Temporary Membrane Structures/Tents (NFPA 
102) and the Fire Code of New York State; and be it further 
 
RESOLVED, that this approval is subject to the provisions of Riverhead Town 
Code Chapter 301-251 G (7) entitled “Signs” and any other section of the Riverhead 
Town Code that may pertain to this event; and be it further 
 
RESOLVED, that the Outdoor Safety Plan submitted with the applicant’s chapter 
255 application is subject to the review and approval of the Riverhead Fire Marshal; and 
be it further 
 
9.27
Packet Pg. 116
RESOLVED, that the Chapter 255 Application for the purpose of conducting the 
event Andrew’s Top Gun 5K Run on Saturday March 25th, 2023 is hereby approved; 
and be it further 
 
RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk is hereby authorized to forward a copy of this 
resolution to Donna Lillie donna.lillie@dime.com, Chief of Police David Hegermiller and 
Chief Fire Marshal Craig Zitek, and be it further  
 
RESOLVED, that all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of 
this resolution from the electronic storage device and, if needed, a copy of same may be 
obtained from the Office of the Town Clerk.   
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.27
Packet Pg. 117
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution      X         Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: Approves Special Event Chapter 255 Application for Andrews Top Gun 5K Run Andrews Top 
Gun 5K Run 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Special Event 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes             No     x       
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget              
(example:routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items F,G and 
complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Carol 
DelVecchio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/15/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.27
Packet Pg. 118
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-28 
 
AUTHORIZES GRANT APPLICATION TO NYSDEC FOR MUNICIPAL FOOD 
SCRAPS RECYCLING INITIATIVE 
 
Councilman Kern offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Hubbard 
 
WHEREAS, The Town of Riverhead supports and provides municipal recycling 
programs to reduce the Town’s waste stream thereby improving the environment and 
reducing taxpayer costs, and  
 
WHEREAS, the Environmental Committee developed and executed a food 
scraps recycling PILOT program to evaluate the feasibility of establishing a food scraps 
recycling program within the Town, and  
 
WHEREAS, the PILOT program was very successful having collected several 
tons of food scrap waste from participating volunteer residents resulting in a reduction in 
the cost of disposal in the general waste stream, and  
 
WHEREAS, Green Inside and Out, a not-for-profit corporation committed to 
expanding recycling of waste on Long Island, received a grant from NYSDEC and 
wishes to partner with the Town of Riverhead to use the grant received to expand the 
Town’s Food Scrap Recycling PILOT program by providing education, equipment and 
expertise, and 
 
WHEREAS, the NYSDEC offers a Municipal Food Scraps Recycling Grant that, if 
awarded, would cover the cost of the collection and recycling of the food scraps 
collected through the PILOT program, which program can be matched with volunteer 
services and the “in kind” labor of Town employees.  
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Riverhead Town Board 
authorizes the submission of an application seeking funding Municipal Food Scraps 
Recycling Grant of up to $30,000.00, and 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Supervisor is hereby authorized to 
execute an agreement with Green Inside and Out for the purposes of creating a formal 
food scraps collection program, and 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Supervisor is hereby authorized to 
executed any agreements necessary for the application and implementation of the 
Municipal Food Scraps Grant, and  
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk forward copies of this 
resolution to the Community Development Agency and Engineering; and  
 
9.28
Packet Pg. 119
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that all Town Hall Departments may review and 
obtain a copy of this resolution from the electronic storage device and, if needed, a 
certified copy of same may be obtained from the Office of the Town Clerk.   
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.28
Packet Pg. 120
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution    x          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: Authorizes Grant Application to NYSDEC for Municipal Food Scraps Recycling Initiative 
Authorizes application to Long Island Community Fund for a Grant 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation authorize the application for a grant to support the Town’s RAMP program 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes       x      No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget              
(example:routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items F,G and 
complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows:5,000 grant match required  
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Dawn 
Thomas 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/13/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
M. Date 
 
 
9.28
Packet Pg. 121
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-29 
 
AUTHORIZES THE SUPERVISOR TO EXECUTE A MUSICAL WORKS LICENSE 
AGREEMENT WITH SESAC 
 
Councilman Hubbard offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Beyrodt Jr. 
 
WHEREAS, the Town of Riverhead plays pre-recorded music in the form of 
compact discs, digital video discs, cassettes, and other media in Town facilities and at 
Town events (e.g. the senior center, teen activities); and 
 
WHEREAS, many of these musical works are protected by U.S. Copyright Law; 
and 
 
WHEREAS, a municipality requires permission from the holders of such 
copyrights to use the musical works in a public forum; and 
 
WHEREAS, SESAC LLC represents the holders of copyrights for many of such 
musical works; and 
 
WHEREAS, SESAC LLC will provide a license granting permission to the Town 
of Riverhead to play all of the works of copyright holders SESAC LLC represents for a 
fee of $1,104.00 for calendar year 2023. 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Supervisor is hereby authorized 
to execute the attached license agreement with SESAC LLC for the right to play pre-
recorded music represented by SESAC LLC; and be it further, 
 
RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk is hereby directed to forward a copy of this 
resolution to the Accounting Department; Parks and Recreation; Senior Citizen’s 
Services and the Office of the Town Attorney; and be it further,  
 
RESOLVED, that all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of 
this resolution from the electronic storage device and, if needed, a certified copy of 
same may be obtained from the Office of the Town Clerk.   
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.29
Packet Pg. 122
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution    XXX          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute a Musical Works License Agreement with SESAC 
Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute a Musical Works License Agreement with SESAC 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes   XXX          No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  KO            
(example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items F,G and 
complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Karen 
Occhiogrosso 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/23/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.29
Packet Pg. 123
SESAC MUSIC PERFORMANCE LICENSE
FOR MUNICIPALITIES
This License Agreement, including any attached and referenced Schedules (the “Agreement”), is made in 
New York by and between SESAC LLC (“SESAC”), a Delaware limited liability company, with offices at 
35 Music Square East, Nashville, TN 37203, and
LICENSEE Information
(“LICENSEE”)
(Municipality Name)
Billing Information
(Street Address)                                                           (City)                                                     (State)                     (Zip)
(Telephone #)                                                             (Fax #)                                                                 (Email)
Those locations within the municipality for which the above supplied information applies (the 
“Municipality”) which are owned, operated or leased by LICENSEE and used as governmental offices or 
which are otherwise under LICENSEE’s sole control; and other locations within the Municipality while 
events under LICENSEE’s sole control are occurring at such locations, are referred to herein as the 
“Premises.”
SESAC and LICENSEE hereby mutually agree as follows:
1. GRANT OF RIGHTS
Effective as of ______________ 1, 20______ (the “Effective Date”), and subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, SESAC grants to LICENSEE the non-exclusive right and license to publicly 
perform non-dramatic renditions of all of the musical compositions for which SESAC is authorized to 
license the public performance right (the “Compositions”) solely: (i) on the Premises and/or (ii) via a 
music-on-hold system operated by LICENSEE in connection with the Municipality.
9.29.a
Packet Pg. 124
Attachment: SESAC 2023  (2023-29 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute a Musical Works License Agreement with Sesac)
2. LIMITATIONS OF RIGHTS
A. Except as specifically described in Paragraph 1, above, nothing contained herein shall be construed 
as permitting LICENSEE to publicly perform, transmit, re-transmit or reproduce any Composition by any 
means, medium, method, device or process now or hereafter known, or as permitting LICENSEE to grant 
any such right to others.
B. The rights granted pursuant to Paragraph 1, above, shall exclude “Grand Rights” in and to the 
Compositions (“Grand Rights” include, but are not limited to, the right to perform, in whole or in part, 
dramatico-musical and dramatic works in a dramatic setting).
C. The rights granted pursuant to Paragraph 1, above, shall exclude performances of the Compositions: 
(i) which are part of a background music service originating from any location, including the Premises, 
which performances are authorized by SESAC pursuant to a separate license agreement, regardless of 
the means by which such performances are transmitted on or to the Premises, and/or (ii) by coin- 
operated phonorecord players (“jukeboxes”), as defined in 17 U.S.C. § 116.
D. The authorization provided in this Agreement shall be limited to public performances made in the 
United States of America, its territories, possessions and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
E. The rights granted pursuant to Paragraph 1, above, shall exclude performances of the Compositions 
made as part of Sporting Events (“Sporting Events” are professional, semi-professional, major or minor 
league athletic competitions).
F.   The rights granted pursuant to Paragraph 1, above, shall exclude performances of the Compositions 
made as part of Concerts, other than those promoted solely by LICENSEE (“Concerts” are those 
performances by an entertainer or entertainment group where the primary focus is the performance of 
music).
G. The rights granted pursuant to Paragraph 1, above, shall exclude performances of the Compositions
made by and/or on the premises of colleges and/or universities.
H. The rights granted pursuant to Paragraph 1 exclude the right to publicly perform the Compositions 
during political campaign events and/or events organized by political organizations.
3. LICENSE FEE
A. In consideration of the rights granted herein, LICENSEE shall pay to SESAC an annual license fee 
(each, a “License Fee”) for each calendar year during the Term (each, a “License Fee Period”) in 
accordance with Schedule “A,” which is attached hereto and incorporated herein.
B. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, SESAC shall have the right, 
upon notice to LICENSEE, to make changes to Schedule “A.”  In such event, LICENSEE shall have the 
right to terminate this Agreement as of the date such change(s) are to take effect, provided that 
LICENSEE gives notice to SESAC of such termination specifically referencing this Paragraph, not later 
than thirty (30) days after SESAC notifies LICENSEE of such change(s).  For the avoidance of doubt, 
annual rate adjustments made pursuant to Paragraph 3.E below shall not be considered a change to 
Schedule “A.”
C. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, SESAC shall have the right, 
but not the obligation, to verify through independent sources any information required to be reported by 
LICENSEE pursuant to Schedule “A,” and SESAC may adjust the License Fee(s) as may be appropriate 
based on information obtained from such sources.
9.29.a
Packet Pg. 125
Attachment: SESAC 2023  (2023-29 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute a Musical Works License Agreement with Sesac)
D. In the event SESAC is determined by any taxing authority or court to be liable for the payment of a 
gross receipts, sales, use, business use or other tax which is based on the amount of SESAC's receipts 
from LICENSEE, then LICENSEE shall reimburse SESAC, within thirty (30) days of notification to 
LICENSEE therefor, for any such tax derived from receipts received from LICENSEE.
E. Effective each January 1 following the Effective Date, the rates set forth in the Fee Schedule shall be 
increased by an amount equal to the percent increase in the Consumer Price Index – All Urban 
Consumers (CPI-U) as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, U.S. Department of Labor, between 
the most recent October and the preceding October or five percent (5%), whichever amount is greater.
4. BREACH AND CURE; LATE PAYMENT CHARGE
A. In the event LICENSEE is in default or breach of any provision of this Agreement, including failure to 
make any payment when due hereunder, and LICENSEE has not cured such default or breach within 
thirty (30) days following SESAC's notice to LICENSEE thereof, then SESAC shall have the right to 
terminate this Agreement in addition to pursuing any and all other rights and/or remedies.
B. Intentionally Omitted.
5. INTENTIONALLY OMITTED
6. TERM OF LICENSE
A. The term of this Agreement shall be for an initial period that commences on the Effective Date and 
continues for a period of twelve (12) calendar months (the “Initial Period”).  The Initial Period shall be 
collectively referred to herein as the “Term.”
B. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, SESAC shall have the right to terminate 
this Agreement: (i) at any time upon notice to LICENSEE in the event LICENSEE is adjudicated bankrupt, 
or a petition in bankruptcy is filed with respect to LICENSEE, or LICENSEE is declared or becomes 
insolvent; or (ii) upon thirty (30) days’ notice to LICENSEE by reason of any law, rule, decree or other 
enactment having the force of law, by any authority, whether federal, state, local, territorial or otherwise, 
which results in substantial interference in SESAC's operation or a substantial increase in the cost of 
conducting its business.
7. MISCELLANEOUS
A. This Agreement shall be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of New York, applicable to 
agreements made and to be wholly performed in New York.  This Agreement supersedes and cancels all 
prior negotiations and understandings between SESAC and LICENSEE in connection with the subject 
matter hereof.  If any part of this Agreement is determined invalid or unenforceable by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or by any other legally constituted body having the jurisdiction to make such 
determination, the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  No waiver of any 
breach of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of any preceding, continuing or succeeding breach of 
the same, or any other provision of this Agreement.
B. SESAC shall have the right, upon notice to LICENSEE, to withdraw from the scope of this Agreement 
the right to publicly perform any Composition (or collection of Compositions) as to which any action has 
been threatened, instituted or a claim made that SESAC does not have the right to license the 
performance rights in such Composition (or collection of Compositions).
9.29.a
Packet Pg. 126
Attachment: SESAC 2023  (2023-29 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute a Musical Works License Agreement with Sesac)
C. This Agreement shall not be assignable by LICENSEE without SESAC’s prior written permission. 
Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of 
SESAC’s and LICENSEE’s successors and assigns, but no assignment shall relieve SESAC or 
LICENSEE of its respective obligations under this Agreement.  LICENSEE shall notify SESAC within thirty 
(30) days of any change of ownership or control of LICENSEE’s operations.
D. This Agreement shall not be valid until executed by an authorized signatory of SESAC.  This 
Agreement has been read and is understood by both parties and contains their entire understanding with 
regard to the subject matter hereof.  No waiver, addition or modification shall be valid unless in writing, 
executed with the same formality as this Agreement.
E. All notices required or permitted herein shall be in writing and deemed given to the other party hereto 
when sent to an address for such party set forth in this Agreement or such other address as such party 
may designate by written notice.
IN WITNESS THEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly signed as of
___________ _____ _______.
(please insert today’s date)
LICENSEE SESAC
By: ______________________________________ By: ___________________ __________________
(Signature)                                                           (Signature)
__________________________________________ __________________________________________
(Type or Print Name)                                               (Type or Print Name)
Title: ______________________________________ Title: ______________________________________
9.29.a
Packet Pg. 127
Attachment: SESAC 2023  (2023-29 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute a Musical Works License Agreement with Sesac)
Schedule “A” to the SESAC Music Performance License for Municipalities 
1. FEE SCHEDULE/LICENSE FEE CALCULATION.
The License Fee for each License Fee Period shall be calculated using the Fee Schedule (the current 
version of which is set forth below), and the most recently submitted License Fee Report.
2023 Fee Schedule
“Population”     License Fee for calendar year 2023
25,000 or less $   553
25,001 - 50,000 $ 1,104
50,001 - 100,000 $ 1,798
100,001 - 150,000 $ 2,618
150,001 - 250,000 $ 3,582
250,001 - 500,000 $ 4,682
500,001 And over $5,926 + $553 for each additional
100,000 population
2. LICENSE FEE PAYMENT.
Upon the execution of this Agreement, LICENSEE shall pay the initial License Fee to SESAC which 
amount shall be prorated (if applicable) to reflect payment for the period from the Effective Date through 
the end of such License Fee Period.  The License Fee for each License Fee Period thereafter shall be 
submitted to SESAC on or before the commencement of such License Fee Period.
3. REPORTING.
A. Upon the execution of this Agreement, LICENSEE shall submit to SESAC a completed license fee 
report in the form attached hereto as Schedule “B” (each, a “License Fee Report”), which is incorporated 
herein.  Said initial License Fee Report shall set forth the Population of the Municipality as of the Effective 
Date.
B. On or before each October 1 during the Term following the Effective Date, LICENSEE shall provide 
SESAC with an updated License Fee Report setting forth the Population of the Municipality as of the 
preceding September 1; provided, however, LICENSEE shall not be required to submit any License Fee 
Report which would contain the same Population as the most recently submitted License Fee Report.
C. All reports under this Agreement shall be submitted by LICENSEE, by electronic means if possible, in 
Excel or similar format if applicable, to reporting@sesac.com, or by regular mail addressed to:
SESAC
35 Music Square East
Nashville, TN 37203
4. DEFINITIONS.
“Population” means the total population of the municipality as of the most recent United States Census.
5. CERTIFICATION.  LICENSEE hereby represents and warrants that all information which has been, 
or which will be, provided by LICENSEE pursuant to this Schedule “A” to be complete, true and accurate.
9.29.a
Packet Pg. 128
Attachment: SESAC 2023  (2023-29 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute a Musical Works License Agreement with Sesac)
Schedule “B” to the SESAC Music Performance License for Municipalities
License Fee Report Form
A. Municipality Name
B. Municipality Population
C. Information Applicable as of
9.29.a
Packet Pg. 129
Attachment: SESAC 2023  (2023-29 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute a Musical Works License Agreement with Sesac)
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-30 
 
AUTHORIZES THE SUPERVISOR TO EXECUTE AN AGREEMENT WITH  D & B 
ENGINEERS AND ARCHITECTS, P.C., REGARDING A PORTION OF THE TOWN 
OF RIVERHEAD’S STORMWATER MANAGEMENT PROGRAM 
 
Councilman Beyrodt Jr. offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Rothwell 
 
 WHEREAS, the Town of Riverhead is desirous of retaining the professional 
services of an engineering and consultant firm for professional engineering, consulting 
and technical services in connection with administration of a portion of the Town’s storm 
water management program, specifically storm water pollution prevention plan review 
regarding construction activities; and 
 
 WHEREAS, D & B Engineers and Architects, P.C., is ready, willing and able to 
provide such services as desired by the Town of Riverhead pursuant to a fee schedule 
delineated in the attached proposed agreement. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Supervisor is hereby authorized 
to execute the attached Agreement with D & B Engineers and Architects, P.C., 
regarding storm water pollution prevention plan review services in relation to 
construction activities pursuant to a fee schedule delineated in the attached proposed 
agreement; and be it further 
 
 RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk is hereby directed to forward a copy of this 
resolution to the Town Engineering Department, Accounting Department and the Office 
of the Town Attorney.  
 
RESOLVED, that all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of 
this resolution from the electronic storage device and, if needed, a certified copy of 
same may be obtained from the Office of the Town Clerk.   
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.30
Packet Pg. 130
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution      XXX         Local Law              
A. Title of Proposed Legislation: Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute an Agreement with  D & B Engineers and Architects, 
P.C., Regarding a Portion of the Town of Riverhead’s Stormwater Management Program  Authorizes the Supervisor to 
Execute an Agreement with  
D & B Engineers and Architects, P.C., Regarding a Portion of the Town of Riverhead’s Stormwater Management Program 
B. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: 
C. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes    XXX         No            
D. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget   
KO           (example:routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
E. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
F. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Karen 
Occhiogrosso 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/22/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.30
Packet Pg. 131
1 
 
CONSULTANT/PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 
THE TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
AND 
D & B ENGINEERS AND ARCHITECTS, P.C. 
AGREEMENT made this ______ day of                        , 2023, between the TOWN OF 
RIVERHEAD, with its principal offices at 200 Howell Avenue, Riverhead, New York, 11901, 
(hereinafter referred to as 'Town"), and D & B ENGINEERS AND ARCHITECTS, P.C., with 
principal offices at 330 Crossways Park Drive, Woodbury, New York 11797 (hereinafter referred 
to as "Engineer/Consultant”). 
WITNESSETH: 
WHEREAS, pursuant to T own Board Resolution N o. 824-2012, dated October 16, 2012, 
the Town of Riverhead was desirous of retaining the services of the Engineer/Consultant for 
professional engineering, consulting and technical assistance in connection with  a dministration 
of a portion of the Town’s Storm Water Management Program, specifically storm water pollution 
prevention plan review, and with services set forth herein which will also be delineated in a Town 
Requisition/Purchase Order or Scope of Work as approved in writing by the Town (herein referred 
to as “RPO” or "Scope of Work"). 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements herein contained, 
to be performed by the parties hereto, and of the payments hereinafter agreed to be made, it is 
mutually agreed as follows: 
1. TERM OF AGREEMENT 
The term of this Agreement shall be effective and shall be deemed to have commenced 
on January 1, 20 23, and terminate on December 31, 20 24. This Agreement may be renewed, 
on the same terms and conditions, for a two year period as required for the completion of 
professional services as authorized pursuant to written consent of all parties. 
2. SCOPE OF SERVICES        
The Engineer/ Consultant sha ll provide all required engineering, consultant and technical 
services ON A NON -EXCLUSIVE BASIS, in connection with a portion of the Town’s Storm 
9.30.a
Packet Pg. 132
Attachment: D&B Engineers 2023  (2023-30 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute an Agreement with D&B Engineers)
2 
 
Water Management Program, specifically storm water pollution prevention plan review, for those 
construction activities requiring same, as follows, and as will be set forth in an RPO or authorized 
Scope of Work: 
A.  The Engineer/Consultant shall undertake review of subject storm water pollution 
prevention plans upon receipt from the Town Engineer/Storm Water Manage ment Officer and 
render appropriate and necessary directives concerning same.  Services shall include, but not be 
limited to: 
Project management; attendance at all meetings including individual departments; 
providing all necessary information; analyses; da ta; investigation; reports; correspondence; 
support documentation; recommendations; preliminary reports and/or design; final reports and/or 
final design; clarifications, interpretations and review and analysis of bid submissions, if 
applicable; construction supervision and status reports of construction; drawings and reports in 
electronic form such as CADD and word processing;  and providing technical assistance and 
qualified technical personnel for supplementation of Town departmental staffs when required.   
Engineer/Consultant shall provide its services in a timely manner. 
B.  Engineer/Consultant warrants, represents, agrees and declares that Engineer/Consultant 
and its subordinates possesses the education, knowledge, training and experience to administer 
and implement a portion of the Town’s Storm Water Management Program, specifically storm 
water pollution prevention plan review, processing and implementation, pursuant to the Town of 
Riverhead’s statutory and legal obligations as contained in the Federal C lean Water Act, section 
402, et seq.; Article 17, Titles 7, 8 and Article 70 of the NYS Environmental Conservation Law; 
New York’s State Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (SPDES), as authorized pursuant to 
Permit No. GP-0-15-003, effective May 1, 2015  (and second modification effective January 13, 
2016), expiration April 30, 2017, and any subsequent amendments thereto; and Riverhead Town 
Code Chapter 275, Art. I and Art. II, and sections 108 -95 and 108 -129.  Engineer/Consultant 
acknowledges, agrees and  understands that the Town has relied on Engineer/Consultant’s 
representations contained within this paragraph in awarding this Agreement to 
Engineer/Consultant. 
9.30.a
Packet Pg. 133
Attachment: D&B Engineers 2023  (2023-30 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute an Agreement with D&B Engineers)
3 
 
           C.  The Town shall have the right to modify the services, specifications and  
time d elivery requirements specified in the RPO or specified in the authorized Scope of  
Work submission, including any timeframe set forth in any Schedule, subject to reasonable notice 
to Engineer/Consultant. 
           D.  Engineer /Consultant further represent s, warrants and agrees that Engineer/Consultant 
has read, is fully familiar with, and agrees to implement Stormwater Pollution Prevention Plan 
review in compliance with the following documents which are material terms of this Agreement, 
and acknowledged by all parties to have been previously provided in the original agreement dated 
October 16, 2012, and incorporated by reference as if recited in their entirely herein:  
           1) Schedule 1: Storm Water Pollution Prevention Plan Review Instructions 
 2) Schedule 2: Compliance Inspection Review Procedure 
3) Schedule 3: Storm Water Management Plan Preparation and Review Checklist  
 4) Schedule 4: Erosion and Sediment Control Plan Review Checklist 
E.  All project schedules and deadlines, as established and accepted by the Town, shall set 
forth in specificity the dates, task components, timeframes and deliverable dates of completion, 
for each specific component of the project. 
F.  At the request of Town personnel, the Engineer/Consultant shall submit a project 
proposal detailing the scope of services to be provided, the milestones and dates for completion, 
the maximum estimated cost of the services provided for the project a t an authorized hourly rate 
pursuant to an approved RPO or written statement as to the maximum fee for a specific project 
(lump sum) including milestones or portions thereof pursuant to an approved RPO. No work is to 
be undertaken by the Engineer/Consultant until the Engineer/Consultant receives a fully executed 
Professional Services Requisition Form approved by the Engineering Department, the Finance 
Department and the Deputy Supervisor. 
3.  PROFESSIONAL SERVICES 
A.  The Engineer/Consultant and Town agree that William D. Merklin, P.E., an employee 
with Engineer/Consultant shall be the individual directly performing or directly providing 
supervision and overseeing the scope of services. At the request of the Town, the 
9.30.a
Packet Pg. 134
Attachment: D&B Engineers 2023  (2023-30 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute an Agreement with D&B Engineers)
4 
 
Engineer/Consultant shall submit a list of other technical personnel providing services in 
connection with the project. 
B.  The Engineer/Consultant warrants and represents that the final product will 
substantially conform and be performed in accordance with the services identified in the RPO or 
approved Scope of Work to the satisfaction of the Town. The Engineer/Consultant agrees to correct 
or replace, within the timeframe established herein by the Town, at its own expense without any 
cost to the Town, upon written notice, any final product, or portion thereof, that does not conform 
to the specifications ("substandard services"). If the Town has paid Engineer/ Consultant for any 
task or portion thereof, then Engineer/Consultant shall perform such corrective services at its own 
expense. Should the Engineer/Consultant be unable to cure/correct the deficiencies or render any 
project or portion thereof suitable for the Town's purpose, herein defect, within the timeframe 
established, not to exceed ten (10) days or additional time as may be authorized by the Engineering 
Department in writing, or if the Town is unable to utilize any portion of the project deliverable as 
presented, then the Town may terminate this Agreement and be entitled to receive a refund of the 
monies paid regarding the project deliverable(s) within thirty (30) days. 
C.  The Engineer/Consultant shall not be liable to the Town for any damages arising from 
the substandard services or defects without being given a reasonable opportunity to correct the 
substandard services or defects in accordance with the above paragraph. However, the failure to 
cure any substandard service or defect may result in the Town taking further action consistent with 
this Agreement and/or pursuant to applicable statutory authority. 
 D.  The Engineer/Consultant agrees to report on a regular basis, and as often as necessary, 
to appropriate Town personnel, for each particular project as requested. Any work completed for 
each project deliverable shall be subject to the approval and to the satisfaction of the Town 
Engineer/Stormwater Management Officer, Town Attorney or designee and the Town Board of 
the Town of Riverhead. 
 E.  The Town shall be deemed to be the owner and have all of the right, title and ownership 
of any and all of the proprietary rights, c opyrights for any and all work performed and work 
product, for each particular project. Said work product shall be deemed to include, but not be 
9.30.a
Packet Pg. 135
Attachment: D&B Engineers 2023  (2023-30 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute an Agreement with D&B Engineers)
5 
 
limited to, all documentation developed or pertaining to the project, including the 
Engineer's/Consultant's pre liminary, intermediate and final designs, plans and reports, 
specifications, bidding documents, bid proposal documents; all drawings including as built -
drawings, analysis, designs, plans, and specifications. Drawings and reports in electronic media 
form such as CADD and word processing shall be included. 
 F.  The Engineer/Consultant warrants and represents that it has secured legally sufficient 
and appropriate permission, including but not limited to licensing rights, as to any and all work to 
be performed pursuant to this Agreement. 
G.  In connection with the services under this Agreement, if Suffolk County Real Property 
Parcel Data is required, the Engineer/Consultant must provide to the Town, as required, an 
executed Sub -license Agreement between the Town , Suffolk County Real Property and the 
Engineer/Consultant authorizing the Engineer's/Consultant's use of Tax Maps and Product/data 
known as Suffolk County Real Property's Geographic Information System (GIS Basemap). The 
Engineer's/Consultant's use of the GIS Basemap shall be in full compliance with the terms and 
conditions of the Sub -license Agreement and the License Agreement between the Town and 
Suffolk County. Prior to utilizing the GIS Basemap, the  Engineer/Consultant shall be required to 
identify and notify, in writing, the Town of  Riverhead and Suffolk County Real Property Tax 
Service Agency, as set forth below,  of the project and scope of work that requires the 
Engineer's/Consultant's use of the GIS Basemap. Written notification to the Town shall be to the 
attention of the Town Engineer and written notification to Suffolk County shall be as follows: 
Dennis Brown, Director 
Suffolk County Real Property Tax Service Agency 
300 Center Drive 
Riverhead, New York 11901-3398 
Failure to provide the required written notification shall be a violation of this Agreement. 
H.  The Engineer/Consultant shall hold in confidence and not use or  
disclose to others any confidential or proprietary information of Town which is  
disclosed to Engineer/Consultant, incl uding but not limited to any data, information,  
plans, programs, processes, costs, or operations of Town, provided, however, that such  
9.30.a
Packet Pg. 136
Attachment: D&B Engineers 2023  (2023-30 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute an Agreement with D&B Engineers)
6 
 
obligations hereunder shall not apply if such information (a) is available to the general  
public or (b) is required to be disclosed pursuant to law, court order or subpoena. 
 I.  The Engineer/Consultant warrants and represents that any and all work done pursuant 
to this Agreement is that of the Engineer/Consultant, and not that of any other consultant.   The 
Engineer/Consultant must receive written approval from the Town before engaging special 
consultants or any other professional services. Special consultants, as authorized by the Town, 
shall be retained for a particular specialized portion of a project and services perform ed by the 
special consultant will be under the direct supervision of the identified person in paragraph A 
above. All provisions of this Agreement including but not limited to wage rates and insurance 
requirements shall apply to approved special consultants.  Any approved special consultants shall 
be paid directly by Engineer/Consultant and shall not constitute an additional cost to the Town 
unless agreed to in writing. 
J.  The Engineer/Consultant warrants and represents that any and all work performed by 
said Engineer/Consultant, and the approved special consultants for the project will be fit for the 
particular purpose of said project and shall possess the necessary skill and knowledge to perform 
the services. Furthermore, Engineer/Consultant realizes and acknowledges that the Town is relying 
upon Engineer/Consultant's skill, expertise and professional Judgment in the performance of said 
services, work, and that the services, work will be specific to the Town's needs and intended use. 
4. CONTRACTUAL RESTRICTIONS 
 The Engineer/Consultant retained by the Town of Riverhead for services in connection 
with the review of storm water pollution prevention plans shall be prohibited from performing any 
work or services for any entity, individual, property owner or other involved governmental agency 
which may reasonably relate to the subject matter of the Engineer's/Consultant's report. This 
prohibition shall be for a period of two (2) years, which shall commence upon any action taken by 
the Town as a result of the E ngineer's/Consultant's recommendations.  The Engineer/Consultant 
shall disclose in writing any and all entities, individuals, property owners or other governmental 
agencies for which the Engineer is currently providing or has previously provided services, which 
involve the subject of the report. 
9.30.a
Packet Pg. 137
Attachment: D&B Engineers 2023  (2023-30 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute an Agreement with D&B Engineers)
7 
 
5.         PAYMENT  
 A.  No work is to be undertaken by Engineer/Consultant until Engineer/Consultant receives 
a fully executed Professional Service Requisition Form approved by the Town Engineer/Storm 
Water Management Officer, the Finance Department and the Deputy Supervisor. 
B.  The Town shall pay the Engineer/Consultant the following fee for the services described 
in the approved PSR or authorized Scope of Work upon the Town's acceptance of the work, on 
either a specific project, task/milestone, basis (lump sum basis) or an hourly rate as set forth below. 
C.  Where the Professional Services Requisition (PSR) sets forth specific amounts for either 
a project or for milestones or portions of a project, upon acc eptance of the services provided, the 
Engineer shall be paid the lower amount of either: 
 1) The specific amount for that project or milestone/portion of the project as set forth 
in the PSR; or 
 2) The hourly billable rate for the project or milestone /por tion of the project (which 
hourly billable rate shall not exceed the amounts set forth in subparagraph 5. E. 
below).   The Engineer/Consultant shall set forth the estimated maximum billable 
hours for each project or milestone/portion of the project as determined by the Town 
to be reasonable and as stated in the PSR. 
 3) In no event shall the amount for the specific project, including milestones/portions 
thereof, exceed the amount set forth in the approved PSR. 
D.   The Engineer/Consultant shall be paid for storm water pollution prevention plan 
(SWPPP) review from initial application through post -construction management practice, as 
authorized and directed by the Town, as follows:      
 E. The Engineer/Consultant shall set forth in Schedule 5 each employee's name, title 
and billable rate as of January 1, 20 23, which shall remain in effect for the entire term of this 
contract. Schedule 5 may be amended to add additional employees at the billable rates established 
for the various titles within Schedule 5.   The hourly rates shall not exceed the following: 
1) For William D. Merklin, P.E., the billable rate shall be a maximum of 
$175.00 per hour for the term of this Agreement. 
9.30.a
Packet Pg. 138
Attachment: D&B Engineers 2023  (2023-30 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute an Agreement with D&B Engineers)
8 
 
2) For senior engineers, which includes Director, Associate and Project 
Manager status, the billable rate shall be a maximum of $140.00 per hour 
regarding Raul Cotilla, Steven Cabrera, Meredith Byers, Anthony 
Cucuzzo and Matthew Ferraro for the term of this Agreement. 
3) For juniors engineers, which includes Engineer I, Engineer II and 
Environmental Scientist I status , the billable rate shall be a maximum of 
$100.00 per hour regarding Fabrice Fantal, Kurt Dirr, and Kim 
Rondinella, for the term of this Agreement.   
4)  For site inspections, as required and/or as warranted,  the billabl e rate 
shall be a maximum of $130 .00 per hour, as conducted by any party 
working at the behest of Engineer/Consultant.  However, commute time to 
and from the inspection site shall be a non-billable event. 
F.  The approved fee paid shall include the preparation and submission to  
the Town of all required documents to the Town including but not limited to the documents 
specified in section 2(D) above. 
1)  Non-billable events shall include, but not be limited to, commute time to and from 
any inspection site or Town facility/property, secretarial services, drafting supplies, 
stenographic supplies, photocopy costs, postage (including express delivery services 
except where requested and authorized by the Town), typing and word processing 
costs, a ll other administrative costs and travel expenses to and from the project 
site(s) or Town Hall or other locations anticipated in the routine day -to-day 
accomplishment and completion of the assigned tasks and/or Projects. 
G.  Engineer/Consultant may be additionally reimbursed for reasonable, unforeseeable costs upon 
written approval of the Town. 
 H.  The records and files of the Engineer /Consultant pertaining to this contract shall be 
subject to audit by the Town. 
I.     Requests for payment for professional services under this contract shall be submitted 
by the Engineer/Consultant on a Task completion basis no later than thirty (30) days from the 
9.30.a
Packet Pg. 139
Attachment: D&B Engineers 2023  (2023-30 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute an Agreement with D&B Engineers)
9 
 
calendar month being billed; e.g., tasks completed in January shall b e submitted no later than 
February. Requests for payment shall be in the form required by the Financial Administrator 
including, but not limited to, supporting backup material containing employees names, titles, dates 
and number of hours worked and brief description of the work performed.   Failure to submit the 
requests for payments within sixty (60) days of completion may result in the Town denying 
payment. The Town shall render payment to Engineer/Consultant within sixty (60) days of receipt 
of said stat ement by the Town subject to receipt of all required, proper and appropriate 
documentation. 
 J.  Invoices for services and reimbursable expenses shall contain the following statement 
signed by Consultant or an officer or duly authorized representative: “I hereby certify, to the best 
of my knowledge and belief, that this invoice is correct, and that all items invoiced are based upon 
actual costs incurred or services rendered consistent with the terms of the professional services 
agreement.”  Each invoice for  reimbursable expenses shall be supported by:  (a) an itemized 
description of expenses claimed; (b) pertinent information relative to the expenses; and (c) attached 
receipts.  Invoices shall reference this Agreement or otherwise be identified in such a man ner as 
Town may reasonably require. 
6. INSURANCE 
The Engineer/Consultant shall procure and maintain at its own cost and expense 
professional errors and omissions insurance and such public liability and other insurance as will 
protect the Town, its officers, employees and the people of the Town of Riverhead from any claim 
or claims for damages to property and for bodily injury and personal injury, including death, which 
may arise from or relate to the terms and conditions of this agreement. Said policies or certificates 
of insurance shall be delivered to the Town with full premiums paid, and shall be subject to the 
approval of the Town Attorney for adequacy and form of protection. Said policies and certificates 
(other than the professional errors and omissions insurance) shall name the Town of Riverhead, 
the Town Board, and its officers as additional insureds, on a primary and non-contributory 
basis, by endorsement.  
9.30.a
Packet Pg. 140
Attachment: D&B Engineers 2023  (2023-30 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute an Agreement with D&B Engineers)
10 
 
The insurance provided shall include the following: 
     1) Comprehensive general liability on an occurrence basis: 
  a) General aggregate - $4,000,000.00 
  b) Products completed, operations aggregate - $2,000,000 
  c) Personal and advertising injury - $2,000,000.00 
  d) Each occurrence - $2,000,000.00 
  e) Fire damage - $50,000.00 
  f) Medical expense (any one person) $5,000.00 
The foregoing aggregate limits shall apply on a per project basis. 
  2) Automobile liability: 
       a) Any auto coverage - $1,000,000.00 
       b) Hired autos - $1,000,000.00 
       c) Non-owned auto coverage - $1,000,000.00 
  3) Workers' Compensation Insurance and Employer Liability 
a) Each accident - $100,000.00 
b) Disease - policy limit $500,000.00 
c) Disease - each employee $100,000.00 
4) Disability Benefits - Liability (Statutory requirements) 
5) Professional Errors and Omissions Insurance coverage of not less than  
$1,000,000.00 per claim and $2,000,000.00 annual aggregate. 
And/or 
6) Excess Umbrella Liability Insurance Coverage addressing the above policy limits 
subject to approval of the Town. 
The Town may modify the insurance requirements, prior to the commencement of services, 
if the Engineer/Consultant can demonstrate that the scope of services to be performed does not 
warrant such coverage. The Town Attorney of the Town of Riverhead shall be th e stipulated 
recipient of said Certificate of Insurance. Insurance certificates shall be subject to the review and 
9.30.a
Packet Pg. 141
Attachment: D&B Engineers 2023  (2023-30 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute an Agreement with D&B Engineers)
11 
 
approval of the Town's Insurance Manager. It shall be further stipulated thereon that the Town 
Attorney of the Town of Riverhead shall be giv en at least thirty (30) days notice of cancellation 
of said coverage, which shall be remitted to the Town Attorney, 200 Howell Avenue, Riverhead, 
New York 11901. In the event that Engineer/Consultant's insurance covers the actions of its special 
consultants, those special consultants will not be required to meet the insurance requirements of 
this Agreement, otherwise special consultants shall be required to provide insurance at the policy 
limits specified above. 
7. INDEMNIFICATION  
The Engineer/Consultant expressly agrees that it shall protect, defend, pay, indemnify and 
hold harmless, the Town of Riverhead, its officers, employees, agents, servants, and/or 
independent contractors, from and against any and all claims, actions, suits,  arbitrations, 
judgments and/or executions, including appeals, plus attorneys' fees, for any negligent act or 
negligent failure to act or liability of Engineer/ Consultant, its employees, officers, servants, agents 
and/or subcontractors arising as a result  of the negligent performance of work under this 
Agreement, which shall be deemed to include but not be limited to bodily injury, personal injury, 
wrongful death, property damages, any and all professional errors and omissions, and any matters 
pertaining t o royalties, licensing, patent infringement, confidentiality, proprietary concerns, 
intellectual property and/or copyright /trademark infringement. This provision shall be deemed 
effective when the Engineer/Consultant first performs the work for the Town, a nd shall survive 
the termination, expiration and/or renewals of this Agreement until the latter of either the running 
of the applicable statute of limitations, or the final resolution of any outstanding claims, actions, 
suits, liens, judgments and/or execu tions.  Engineer/Consultant agrees that the Town may use 
counsel of its own choosing regarding indemnification.  
8. NOTICES 
Any notice given under this Agreement shall be deemed given upon receipt when sent by 
overnight mail or certified mail, return receipt requested, to the following addresses: 
 
  TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
  200 Howell Avenue 
9.30.a
Packet Pg. 142
Attachment: D&B Engineers 2023  (2023-30 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute an Agreement with D&B Engineers)
12 
 
  Riverhead, New York 11901  
  Attention: Riverhead Town Attorney 
 
  D & B ENGINEERS AND ARCHITECTS, P.C. 
  330 Crossways Park Drive 
  Woodbury, New York 11797 
  Attention: William D. Merklin, P.E. 
 
and such other Town departments or individuals that the Town of Riverhead subsequently 
designates in writing to receive notice in addition to the Town Attorney. 
9. ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES 
A. Engineer/Consultant shall comply with all Federal, State, County and Town statutes, 
laws, ordinances, codes, rules and/or regulations which pertain to Engineer/Consultant's work 
under this Agreement. 
B.  Engineer/Consultant further warrants and represents that it has secured legally sufficient 
and appropriate permission, including but not limited to licensing rights, as to any and all work to 
be performed pursuant to this Agreement. Engineer/Consultant shall obtain all necessary permits 
and approvals on beh alf of the Town as required pursuant to Federal, State, County and Local 
Laws in connection with all work under this Agreement.   Upon Town direction, it shall be an 
additional responsibility of the Engineer/Consultant to inspect the applicant/developer’s site, post-
construction, and/or undertake any Town -directed bonding, payment, or maintenance agreement 
facilitation and/or recording. 
10. TERMINATION 
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time for any reason, with or without 
cause. In the event of termination the Town shall only be obligated to pay Engineer/Consultant for 
the services completed prior to the date of the receipt by Engineer/Consultant of the notice of 
termination. Notice shall be given in accordance with the Notice provision of thi s Agreement. In 
the event that this Agreement is terminated, the Engineer/Consultant shall immediately provide 
the Town with all documents, including but not limited to any documentation, reports, analysis or 
data for the milestones and/or project and make  any required revisions, if any, of the 
tasks/milestones or projects currently being addressed. Upon the Town accepting the 
9.30.a
Packet Pg. 143
Attachment: D&B Engineers 2023  (2023-30 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute an Agreement with D&B Engineers)
13 
 
tasks/milestones and/or project documents, the Town shall render payment to Engineer/Consultant 
for the services provided and accepted by the Town. 
 
11. MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 A.  This Agreement shall be deemed personal and shall be non-assignable by either party. 
Furthermore, this Agreement is solely for the benefit of the parties hereto, and not for the benefit 
of any third parties. No persons other than the parties hereto shall have a right to sue, or claim any 
rights under this Agreement. 
B.  If any term, provision, or portion of any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed 
illegal, invalid and/or non-enforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall be deemed to remain 
valid and shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
C.  The Engineer/Consultant agrees that this Agreement shall not be pledged, 
hypothecated or used as security for a loan. 
D.  Any waiver by the Town  of any term, condition, covenant and/or provision of this 
Agreement shall not be deemed as a waiver at any time thereafter of the same or any other term, 
condition, covenant and/or provision of this Agreement. Moreover, a failure by the Town to assert 
any right or privilege shall not be deemed a waiver or relinquishment thereof. Except as otherwise 
expressly provided herein, any rights and powers of the Town  
shall be deemed cumulative, and no one of them shall be deemed exclusive of any other remedy 
provided by law, and exercise of any one, shall not impair the right to exercise the other. 
E.  This Agreement shall be construed pursuant to the laws of the State of New York and 
any action or proceeding shall be commenced in the County of Suffolk. 
F.  In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the PSR  
or approved Scope of Work, the terms of this Agreement shall control. 
G.  Each and every provision of law and clause required by law to be inserted in this 
Agreement, shall be deemed to be inserted herein. 
9.30.a
Packet Pg. 144
Attachment: D&B Engineers 2023  (2023-30 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute an Agreement with D&B Engineers)
14 
 
H.  The foregoing Agreement embodies the entire Agreement between the parties with 
respect to the subject matter stipulated herein. It shall not be changed or modified, except in 
writing, and executed by both parties. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement shall be effective as of the date addressed in 
paragraph 1 on page 1. 
 
D & B ENGINEERS AND ARCHITECTS, P.C.  
 
By: _______________________________________________  
       William D. Merklin, P. E., Senior Vice-President         
 
Date: ________________________________  
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
 
By: ________________________________________________  
       Yvette M. Aguiar, Town Supervisor 
 
 
Date: _________________________________  
9.30.a
Packet Pg. 145
Attachment: D&B Engineers 2023  (2023-30 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute an Agreement with D&B Engineers)
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-31 
 
AUTHORIZES SUPERVISOR TO SIGN LICENSE AGREEMENT WITH DRESS FOR 
SUCCESS BROOKHAVEN, INC. 
 
Councilman Rothwell offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Kern 
 
 WHEREAS, the Town and Community Development Agency, by Resolution 
#2021-555 adopted on August 26, 2021, approved the demolition of 117 East Main 
Street and 121 East Main Street for the creation of a public gathering space with 
pedestrian connectivity and open vistas from Main Street to the Peconic River, with 127 
East Main Street slated for redevelopment through either pursuit of private financing, 
public and private partnership(s), federal, state and local funding, subsidies and capital 
grants to design and construct commercial and retail uses compatible with public 
gathering space all consistent with the urban renewal policies and goals recited above; 
and 
 
 WHEREAS, while it is anticipated that the Town and Community Development 
Agency will begin redevelopment of 127 East Main Street with likely demolition of all or 
a portion of its existing building in the near future and/or enter into a public private 
partnership such that the Town is no longer in title and such that the Town may only 
offer a short term license and Dress for Success Brookhaven, Inc has acknowledged 
the Town’s plan to redevelop 127 East Main and limited duration of time for occupancy 
of space within the existing building, Dress for Success Brookhaven, Inc., expressed a 
desire to enter into a short term license agreement for space presently vacant and not 
needed for municipal purpose at 127 East Main Street described and depicted in the 
License Agreement submitted herewith; and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Town Board consulted with the Community Development 
Agency and Town Engineering Department and determined that a short term license 
agreement with Dress for Success Brookhaven, Inc. would aid the Town’s ability to 
reduce operation costs for 127 East Main Street and based upon acknowledgement by 
Dress for Success Brookhaven, Inc of the Town’s plan to redevelop 127 East Main, 
including possible demolition of all or a portion of the existing building and/or enter into 
a public private partnership such that the Town is no longer in title whereupon the 
license shall terminate, the Town deems it in the best interests of the Town to enter into 
a short term license agreement Dress for Success Brookhaven, Inc. 
  
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Town Board of the Town of 
Riverhead hereby approves the terms and conditions of the License Agreement in 
substantially the form as attached hereto between the Town and Dress for Success 
Brookhaven, Inc.; and be it further 
 
RESOLVED, that the Supervisor, be and hereby, is authorized to execute the 
License Agreement in substantially the form attached; and be it further 
9.31
Packet Pg. 146
 
 RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk is hereby directed to forward a copy of this 
resolution to the Town Engineer, Accounting Department and Office of the Town 
Attorney; and be it further  
 
RESOLVED, that all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of 
this resolution from the electronic storage device and, if needed, a copy of same may be 
obtained from the Office of the Town Clerk.   
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.31
Packet Pg. 147
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution   XXX            Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: Authorizes Supervisor to Sign License Agreement with Dress for Success Brookhaven, Inc. 
Authorizes Supervisor to Sign License Agreement with Dress for Success Brookhaven, Inc.  
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes            No  XXX          
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget              
(example:routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items F,G and 
complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Karen 
Occhiogrosso 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/28/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.31
Packet Pg. 148
LICENSE AGREEMENT 
BETWEEN 
THE TOWN OF RIVERHEAD and DRESS FOR SUCCESS BROOKHAVEN, INC.  
 
This LICENSE AGREEMENT (hereinafter “License”) made this ______ day of December, 
2022, by and between the Town of Riverhead, a municipal corporation of the State of 
New York,  with offices located at 200 Howell Avenue, Riverhead, New York 11901 
(hereinafter "Licensor”) and Dress for Success Brookhaven , Inc., a not for profit 
organization duly organized under the laws of the State of New York with its principal 
office located at 1 Independence Hill, Farmingville, NY 11738 (hereinafter “Licensee”).  
WITNESSETH 
WHEREAS, beginning as far back as the early 1980’s the Town recognized and 
expressed its desire to revitalize and assist in the redevelopment of the Downtown 
Business District, particularly the East Main Street corridor, beginning with the 
condemnation, purchase, demolition and improvement of lands along the Peconic River 
east of Peconic Avenue, including installation of bulk heading along the riverfront to 
provide transient boat dockage (County Fair and Nautical Festival), purchase of the Vail 
Leavitt Music Hall, purchase of the Cavanaro property (located behind former Sweezy’s) 
for parking, purchase and lease of land to East End arts, together with other public 
improvements such as installation and repair of sidewalks and planting of street trees; 
and 
WHEREAS, in furtherance of the Town and Community Development Agency’s 
determination to restore the economic vitality to the Downtown Business District and need 
to address the increasing numbers of vacant or underutilized structures, areas of blight 
and deteriorated structures, in 1992 the Town and Community Development Agency 
pursued the designation of the East Main Street corridor (along the north and south side 
of Main Street east of Peconic Avenue and hereinafter after referred to as “EMSURA”) as 
an urban renewal area (General Municipal Laws Article 15 and 15A) to create a legal 
mechanism to accomplish the redevelopment, economic development and beautification 
goals of the community; and 
WHEREAS, in recent years, the Community Development Agency and Town adopted 
resolutions, including Resolution #2020-5 adopted on July 7, 2020 and Resolution #2020-
297 adopted on  July 7, 2020 , evidencing commitment to revitalize of the EMSURA, 
including support for grant funding for a Town Square and acquisition of three parcels 
located on East Main Street, 117 East Main Street (SCTM# 0600 -129-1-12), 121 East 
Main Street (SCTM# 0600 -129-1.00-013.000) and 127 East Main Street (SCTM# 0600 -
129-1.00-014.000) in furtherance of the Town Square project; and 
WHEREAS, the Town and Community Development Agency, by Resolution # 2021-555 
adopted on August 26, 2021, approved the demolition of 117 East Main Street and 121 
East Main Street for the creation of a public gathering space with pedestrian connectivity 
9.31.a
Packet Pg. 149
Attachment: Dress for Success License Agreement 127 East Main  (2023-31 : Authorizes Supervisor to Sign License Agreement with Dress for
and open vistas from Main Street to the Peconic River, with 127 East Main Street slated 
for redevelopment through either pursuit of private financing, public and private 
partnership(s), federal, state and local funding, subsidies and capital grants to design and 
construct commercial and retail uses compatible with public gathering space all consistent 
with the urban renewal policies and goals recited above; and 
WHEREAS, it is anticipated that the T own and Community Development Agency will 
begin redevelopment of 127 East Main Street with likely demolition of all or a portion of 
its existing building in the near future and/or  enter into a public private partnership such 
that the Town is no longer in title, the Town may only offer a short term license for use of 
certain space at 127 East Main Street and  Dress for Success Brookhaven, Inc . has 
acknowledged the Town’s plan to redevelop 127 East Main and understands and accepts 
that occupancy of space within the existing building will be necessarily limited; and  
WHEREAS, Dress for Success Brookhaven, Inc. expressed a desire to enter into a short 
term license agreement for space presently vacant and not needed for municipal purpose 
at 127 East Main Street as described and depicted in Exhibit A; and 
WHEREAS, the Town Board consulted with the Community Development Agency and 
Town Engineering Department and determined that a short term license agre ement with 
Dress for Success Brookhaven, Inc. would aid the Town’s ability to reduce operation costs 
for 127 East Main Street and based upon acknowledgement by Dress for Success 
Brookhaven, Inc . of the Town’s plan to redevelop 127 East Main, including poss ible 
demolition of all or a portion of the existing building and/or enter into a public private 
partnership such that the Town is no longer in title such that the license shall terminate ; 
and 
WHEREAS, the Town deems it in the best interests of the Town to enter into a short term 
license agreement with Dress for Success Brookhaven, Inc; and  
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises made herein, it is agreed as 
follows: 
Article I 
General Description of Agreement & Description of Licensed Premises 
The License Agreement is an agreement between the Town of Riverhead (hereinafter 
referred to as  “Owner/Licensor” or “Town”) and Dress for Success Brookhaven , Inc. 
(hereinafter “Licensee”) is for a grant of a short term, revocable, non-assignable and 
exclusive license to utilize a  portion of the property , approximately 890 square feet on 
the second floor,  and shared use of improvements, to wit: bathrooms on second floor , 
located at 127 East Main Street, Riverhead, NY 11901 more fully depicted on the diagram 
labeled Exhibit “A” attached hereto and made a part hereof.  
 
 
9.31.a
Packet Pg. 150
Attachment: Dress for Success License Agreement 127 East Main  (2023-31 : Authorizes Supervisor to Sign License Agreement with Dress for
 
 
     Article II 
  Conditions & Restrictions for Use of Licensed Premises & Common Areas  
Licensee agrees to utilize the licensed premises restricted and limited to pursuits that are 
customarily associated with Dress for Success of Brookhaven, Inc., including but not 
limited to, office, storage of clothing, and limited to by appointment only events related to 
its purpose and mission.  Licensee agrees to use and occupy the Licensed Premises 
pursuant to all rules and regulations prescribed by the Town, all statutes, rules, 
regulations and directions in existence during the periods covered by the Li cense, made 
or issued by the federal, state or local governmental agencies or departments, including 
and to the extent applicable, licenses/permits/certificates from New York State.  
Licensee shall not assign, transfer, mortgage, or otherwise dispose of or  encumber this 
License or any rights without the prior written consent of the Town. Any such attempt 
without consent of the Town shall be an automatic revocation of this License and all 
payments received by the Town shall be forfeited to the Town as liquidated damages. 
Licensee and the Town agree that nothing contained in this agreement is intended, or 
shall be construed as, creating or establishing a partnership or joint venture between the 
parties here or as designating the Licensee as the agent or repres entative of the Town 
for any purpose whatsoever. 
Article III 
Term 
The term shall be for six months deemed to commence from the 1st day of January, 2023, 
and shall end on the 30th day of June, 2023, and, provided the license is in full force and 
effect and Licensee is not in default under any of the other terms and conditions of the 
Licensee at the time of notification or commencement, have the op tion to renew this 
license for three (3) additional six (6) month terms for the portion of the licensed premises 
being licensed by Licensee as of the date of the renewal term is to commence, on the 
same terms and conditions set forth in the License, except as may be modified by the 
terms, covenants and conditions mutually agreed upon by an d between Licensor and 
Licensee, subject to notification in writing of its election to extend this lease not less than 
one month prior to the expiration date  and mutual consent by Licensor and Licensee. 
Notwithstanding the above, Licensee acknowledges that the Town and Commu nity 
Development Agency purchased 127 East Main Street (SCTM# 0600-129-1.00-014.000) 
as part of and in furtherance of the Town Square project with 127 East Main Street slated 
for redevelopment with likely demolition of all or a portion of its existing buil ding in the 
near future and/or with entering into a public private partnership such that the Town is no 
longer in title.  Further, Licensee agrees that in the event that the Licensor shall determine 
9.31.a
Packet Pg. 151
Attachment: Dress for Success License Agreement 127 East Main  (2023-31 : Authorizes Supervisor to Sign License Agreement with Dress for
that the licensed space is required for legitimate munici pal purpose, including but not 
limited to redevelopment in furthera nce of the Town Square project,  the Licensor may 
terminate this license agreement with one month written notice. Upon expiration of the 
original term of the license or termination of the license agreement, Licensee shall remove 
all equipment, improvements, stock etc . (*Licensee must return licensed premises to 
broom clean, vacant condition) from licensed premises within fifteen days after expiration 
of the term of the license, Licensee shall  be required to pay a fee of $100.00 (One 
Hundred Dollars) per day or such portion thereof for each day the 
equipment/improvements/stock continues to remain at the licensed premises beyond the 
15 day grace period set forth in the preceding  sentence. In the  event Licensee fails to 
remove the equipment/improvements/stock within a month of the expiration or termination 
of the term of the license, the Town shall be entitled to remove the 
equipment/improvements/stock and access all charges set forth above, toget her with 
expenses/charges/costs related to the removal, relocation and storage of the 
equipment/improvements/stock to the Licensee and the expenses so assessed shall 
constitute a lien against the Licensee. 
Article IV 
License Fee 
The Licensee agrees to pay Licensor a fee of $3,600.00 per six month term, with monthly 
payments in the amount of $ 600.00 on or before the first day of each month. Note, the 
first payment shall be due upon execution of this agreement and the remaining payments 
in advance of the first day of each month during the term of the license. The payments 
shall be mailed to Town of  Riverhead, 1295 Pulaski Street, Riverhead, NY 11901 
Attention: William Rothaar, Financial Administrator. Notwithstanding the above, Licensor 
shall be entitled to set and impose a monthly rental fee and modify any other terms or 
conditions of this license as determined in the sole discretion of the Licensor. In the event 
that Licensee decline to accept said modifications, the parties agree that the licensee may 
surrender the license to the licensor  and/or Licensor may terminate License pursuant to 
Article III.   
Article V 
Security Deposit: None. 
ARTICLE VI 
Alterations 
Licensee shall not remove, alter or modify any existing improvement on the subject 
premises (buildings, rooms, walkways, and lawn and planting areas) nor permanently 
attach, affix, or permit to  be permanently attached or affixed upon the premises any 
improvement/fixture, or if it is necessary to permanently attach, affix, relocate, replace, 
alter or modify the premises for operation of Dress for Success Brookhaven, Inc. related 
to the safety of the  employees, program and event participants or such other visitors, 
9.31.a
Packet Pg. 152
Attachment: Dress for Success License Agreement 127 East Main  (2023-31 : Authorizes Supervisor to Sign License Agreement with Dress for
Licensee shall obtain consent, in writing, from the Town after review and written 
comment/approval by the Engineering Department. In connection with such 
improvements, alterations or installation of fixtures, the Town may require submission of 
proposed designs, construction plans, specifications and contract documents for approval 
and incorporate all or part of them within this agreement as attachments. Licensee shall 
remove all equipment and structures from the licensed premises upon the expiration or 
termination of the license agreement. The Lessee may erect additional signage on the 
grounds as permitted by the Town Code of the Town of Riverhead and subject to all 
approval and permit re quirements as set forth in the Town Code. The Licensee shall 
neither encumber nor obstruct the sidewalk in front of, entrance to, or halls or stairs of 
any portion of the licensed premises, nor allow the same to be obstructed or encumbered 
in any manner. 
At all times, Licensor reserves the right to modify, improve or relocate the improvements 
described above as non-exclusive within the subject property. In the event Licensee fails 
to remove the equipment and structures from licensed premises within fifteen days after 
expiration of the term of the license, Licensee shall be required to pay a fee of $100.00 
(One Hundred Dollars) per day or such portion thereof for each day the 
equipment/structures continues to remain at the licensed premises. In the event Licensee 
fails to remove the equipment/structures within a month of the expiration or termination 
of the term of the license, the Town shall be entitled to remove the equipment/structures 
and access all charges set forth above, together with expenses/charges/c osts related to 
the removal, relocation and storage of the equipment/structures to the Licensee and the 
expenses so assessed shall constitute a lien against the Licensee. 
ARTICLE VII 
Maintenance 
The Licensee has inspected the licensed premises, including a ll common areas, 
pedestrian walkways and entrances, and parking area and accepts same “as is”. The 
Licensee agrees to dispose of all refuse and garbage in accordance with Chapter 273 of 
the Code of the Town of Riverhead and Licensor agrees to arrange for garbage collection 
services. Licensee shall not permit the accumulation of waste or refuse matter at the site 
(licensed premises and common areas). The Licensee, at its own expense, shall keep 
and maintain the licensed premises in good repair and agrees to surrender the premises 
to the Town at the end of each and every term of this license in the same condition as at 
the beginning of the term, ordinary wear and use being excepted, and shall pay for all 
damages occasioned by its use. Licensee shall be responsible for all routine supplies, i.e. 
cleaning supplies, paper, s oap, pest control strips/traps and light bulbs , and shall be 
responsible for all routine janitorial service for all areas described in Article I.  
The Licensor shall be responsible for all major mechanical and structural components of 
the building, HVAC, bathroom plumbing and fixtures, and fire system. As set forth below, 
Licensee shall at its own cost and expense install a security system for the licensed 
9.31.a
Packet Pg. 153
Attachment: Dress for Success License Agreement 127 East Main  (2023-31 : Authorizes Supervisor to Sign License Agreement with Dress for
premises. To the extent, Licensor deems it in the best interests of the Town the Licensor 
shall retain and be responsible for costs/payments for HVAC maintenance contract. In 
addition, for the duration of this initial license term  (six months) , Licensor shall be 
responsible for cost of phone li nes needed and limited to use for the fire alarm sand to 
the extent Licensor deems it in the best interests of the Town retain and be responsible 
for costs/payments of annul monitoring and inspections. In addition, Licensee shall be 
responsible for snow and ice removal from the licensed premises, including entrance to 
licensed premises and sidewalk to curb area. 
Licensee will notify, as and when needed, the Engineering Department/Department of 
Buildings and Grounds when any repairs in and about the premises , fixtures and 
appurtenances are required.   
ARTICLE VIII 
Utility Services 
All utility services including electric, water, and *sewer (if applicable), for or in connection 
with the operation and maintenance of the licensed premises are included in the lice nse 
fee as set forth above, except Licensee shall be responsible for its own cable television , 
telephone and internet service. In addition, Licensee shall at its own cost and expense 
install a security system for the licensed premises. Town will in no event be liable for any 
interruption or failure of utility services or cable, telephone, internet services on the 
premises or pay for any change, upgrade etc. of any utility or internet services.  
ARTICLE IX 
Indemnification and Insurance 
A. Licensee shall use the premises so as not to endanger any person and Licensee 
agrees to protect, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Town from any and all liability, 
damage or expense by reason of any injury or injuries sustained by anyone to persons or 
property or loss of property received, done or occurring in or about the premises licensed 
by the Licensee, including designation of entrance and exits, or any liability sustained 
during the operation of Licensee's business, excluding that caused by or resulting from 
the negligence of the Town and its agents, servants or employees. 
B. Insurance: The Licensee shall secure, maintain and furnish, at its sole cost and 
expense, during and throughout the License term general liability policies insuring 
Licensee and naming Licensor (Town) as additional insured. The liability policy shall be 
one which shall afford bodily injury coverage in an amount of not less than $1,000,000.00 
per occurrence and $2,000,000.00 aggregate for more than one person involved in any 
one accident and  not less than $500,000.00 for damage to property. The insurance 
coverage shall be primary insurance and/or primary source of recovery with respect to all 
claims, losses or liability arising directly or indirectly from Licensee’s use of the licensed 
premises, including the exclusive and non -exclusive improved portions of the property 
and walkways, entrances, and parking area. Any insurance or self-insurance maintained 
9.31.a
Packet Pg. 154
Attachment: Dress for Success License Agreement 127 East Main  (2023-31 : Authorizes Supervisor to Sign License Agreement with Dress for
by the Town shall be excess of the licensee’s insurance and shall not contribute with it. 
Licensee shall secure and deliver to the Town of Riverhead a general liability special 
endorsement reflecting the above, together with a certificate of liability insurance mirroring 
said endorsement prior to any activity, improvement or use of the licensed space. 
C. In addition to the above, Licensee shall secure, maintain and furnish the following 
additional insurances: 
1) Worker's Compensation 
Worker's Compensation Insurance, in statutory amounts, covering all employees who are 
to provide a service under this agreement. Employer's Liability Coverage with limits of not 
less than $250,000 for each accident or illness shall be included. 
2) Commercial Liability (Primary and Umbrella). 
Commercial Liability Insurance or equivalent with limits of not less than $1 ,000,000 per 
occurrence, combined single limit, for bodily injury, personal injury, and property damage 
liability. Products/completed operation, independent contractor, and contractual liability 
coverage are to be included. 
D. The Licensee will furnish the  Town, the original Certificates of Insurance evidencing 
the required coverage to be in force on the date of this agreement, and Renewal 
Certificates of Insurance, or such similar evidence, if the coverage has an expiration or 
renewal date occurring during the term of this agreement. 
E. The insurance shall provide for sixty days prior written notice to be given to the Town 
in the event coverage is substantially changed, cancelled, or nonrenewal. 
F. The Licensee agrees that insurer shall waive its rights of subrogation against the Town. 
G. The Licensee expressly understands and agrees that any insurance maintained by the 
Town shall apply in excess of and not contribute with insurance provided by the Licensee 
under the agreement. 
H. The Town maintains the right to modify, delete, alter or change these requirements. 
I. Licensee shall not occupy the premises licensed under this lease until all required 
insurance is in full force and effect and submitted to the Town. 
J. The Licensee's obligation to the Town for an y liability, damage or expense by reason 
of any injury or injuries sustained by anyone to persons or property or loss or property 
received, done or occurred on or about the premises licensed by the Licensee shall not 
be limited by or to the coverage provided in the General Liability Insurance policy required 
to be furnished by the Licensee to the Town. 
 
 
9.31.a
Packet Pg. 155
Attachment: Dress for Success License Agreement 127 East Main  (2023-31 : Authorizes Supervisor to Sign License Agreement with Dress for
Article X 
Assignment; Sublicense 
The Licensee may not assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose of or encumber the licensed 
premises nor name or utilize the licensed premises as part of any application, permit, and 
license, land use related to operation of Licensee’s businesses or operations. 
Notwithstanding the above, Licensee shall have the limited right to sublet space in the 
premises to individuals or organ izations whose activities on the premises are related to 
the purposes of Dress for Success Brookhaven , Inc. or complement its community 
service, only upon receipt of the Town’s consent in writing pursuant to resolution of the 
Town Board. 
Article XI 
Right to Access 
Licensor’s Right of Access: The Licensor, or the Licensor’s employees or agents, shall 
have the right to enter the licensed space at any time and with no notice to Licensee. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Licensor shall use reasonable efforts to m inimize any 
disruption of the Licensee’s activities. 
Article XII 
Default Provisions 
A. Any waiver or any breach of covenants contained herein to be kept and performed by 
Licensee, shall not be deemed or considered as a continuing waiver and shall not operate 
to bar or prevent the Town from proceeding under the provisions of this agreement. 
B. As set forth above, upon termination of the License, whether caused by lapse of time 
or otherwise, or upon declaration or adjudication that Licensee is insolvent or bankrupt or 
applies for or takes the benefit of any bankruptcy or insolvency act or any act or statutory 
provisions for relief of debtors, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, 
or if a Receiver of Trustee be appointed for Licensor prope rty, or if this license or the 
estate of Licensee hereunder be transferred to pass or devolve upon any other person or 
corporations,  the Licensee is terminated and possession of the premises shall be 
surrendered and the Licensor shall repossess the proper ty. If possession is not 
immediately surrendered, the Town may take possession of the premises and expel or 
remove Licensee and those claiming by, thorough, or under it, by force if necessary, 
without civil or criminal liability. 
C. Upon the breach of any covenant or condition contained herein, the Town shall give 
written notice to Licensee of the breach. Licensee agrees that it will remedy the breach 
within five days. If the breach of any covenant or condition is not cured within the above 
time, the Town r eserves the right to revoke this agreement and Licensee agrees to 
surrender the premises. Any license fees previously received by the Town shall be 
retained by the Town as liquidated damages. 
9.31.a
Packet Pg. 156
Attachment: Dress for Success License Agreement 127 East Main  (2023-31 : Authorizes Supervisor to Sign License Agreement with Dress for
D. Licensee shall pay and discharge all costs, expenses, and attorney's fees which might 
be incurred by the Town in enforcing the covenants of this License Agreement. 
E. The remedies here created are cumulative and the use of one remedy shall not be 
taken to exclude or waive the right to the use of another remedy. 
F. In the event that the License is granted to more than one individual or other legal entity 
(or to any combination), then and in that event, each and every obligation or undertaking 
to be performed by Licensee under the License Agreement shall be the joint and several 
obligation of each such individual or other legal entity. 
Article XIII 
Miscellaneous 
Notices to the Town provided for herein may be sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, 
addressed to the Office of the Town Attorney, 200 Howell Avenue, Riverhead, NY 11901, 
Attention: Town Attorney. Notice to Licensee provided for here may be sent by first class 
mail, postage prepaid, addressed to Licensee at  Dress for Success Brookhaven, Inc., 1 
Independence Hill, Farmingville, NY 11738 
IN WI TNESS WHEREOF, Licensor and Licensee do hereby execute this License 
Agreement as of the date and year first above written. 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD     
 
_______________________________________             
BY: Yvette M. Aguiar, Supervisor        
 
 
DRESS FOR SUCCESS BROOKHAVEN, INC.  
 
 
_______________________________________ 
BY:  Sharon Boyd, Director  
9.31.a
Packet Pg. 157
Attachment: Dress for Success License Agreement 127 East Main  (2023-31 : Authorizes Supervisor to Sign License Agreement with Dress for
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-32 
 
APPOINTS FINANCIAL ADVISOR 
 
Councilman Kern offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Hubbard 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that Munistat is hereby appointed as 
Financial Advisors to the Town of Riverhead in accordance with the professional 
services agreement entered into per TBR 2022-637 dated September 7, 2022 and the 
attached fee schedule, and be it further 
 
RESOLVED, that all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of 
this resolution from the electronic storage device and, if needed, a certified copy of 
same may be obtained from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.32
Packet Pg. 158
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution       X        Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: Appoints Financial Advisor 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Appoints Financial Advisor for 2022 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes             No    X        
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget              
(example:routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items F,G and 
complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Emily Toth 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/20/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.32
Packet Pg. 159
9.32.a
Packet Pg. 160
Attachment: Munistat Fee Schedule  (2023-32 : Appoints Financial Advisor)
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-33 
 
ADOPTS 2023 INVESTMENT POLICY 
 
Councilman Hubbard offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Beyrodt Jr. 
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to New York General Municipal Law §10, 11 and 39, each 
local government, including the Town of Riverhead, shall by resolution adopt a 
comprehensive investment policy which details the local government’s operative police 
and instructions to officers and staff regarding the deposit, investing, monitoring, and 
reporting of funds of the local government.  Now, therefore be it 
 
RESOLVED, that the Town Board of the Town of Riverhead hereby adopts the 
attached Investment Policy for the Town of Riverhead; and be it further 
 
RESOLVED, that all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of 
this resolution from the electronic storage device and, if needed, a certified copy of 
same may be obtained from the office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.33
Packet Pg. 161
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution        X       Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: Adopts 2023 Investment Policy 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Adopt 2022 Investment Policy 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes             No      X      
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget              
(example:routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items F,G and 
complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Emily Toth 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/20/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.33
Packet Pg. 162
INVESTMENT POLICY  
FOR THE  
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
I SCOPE 
 
This investment policy applies to all moneys and other financial resources available for 
investment on its behalf or on behalf of any other entity or individual. 
 
II OBJECTIVES 
 
The primary objectives of the local government’s investment activities are, in primary 
order: 
 
- to conform with all applicable federal, state and other legal requirements 
- to adequately safeguard principal  
- to provide sufficient liquidity to meet all operating requirements; and 
- to obtain a reasonable rate of return  
 
III DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY 
 
The Town Board’s responsibility for administration of the investment program is delegated 
to the Town Supervisor who shall establish written procedures for the operation of the 
investment program consistent with these investment guidelines.  Such procedures shall include 
an adequate internal control structure to provide a satisfactory level of accountability based on 
a database or records incorporating description and amounts of investments, transaction dates 
and other relevant information and regulate the activities of subordinate employees. 
 
IV PRUDENCE 
 
All participants in the investment process shall seek to act responsibly as custodians of 
the public trust and shall avoid any transaction that might impair public confidence in the Town 
of Riverhead to govern effectively. 
 
Investments shall be made with judgement and care, under circumstances then 
prevailing, which persons of prudence, discretion and intelligenc e exercise in the management 
of their own affairs, not for speculation, but for investment, considering the safety of the 
principal as well as the probable income to be derived. 
   
All participants involved in the investment process shall refrain from pers onal business 
activity that could conflict with proper execution of the investment program, or which could 
impair their ability to make impartial investment decisions. 
 
V DIVERSIFICATION 
 
It is the policy of the Town of Riverhead to diversify its deposits and investments by 
financial institution, by investment instrument, and by maturity scheduling. 
 
 
9.33.a
Packet Pg. 163
Attachment: INVESTMENT POLICY 2023  (2023-33 : Adopts 2023 Investment Policy)
 
VI INTERNAL CONTROLS 
 
It is the policy of the Town of Riverhead for all moneys collected by any officer or 
employee of the government to transfer those funds to the Town Supervisor within ten days of 
deposit, or within the time period specified in law, whichever is shorter. 
 
The Town Supervisor as chief fiscal officer is responsible for establishing and maintaining 
an internal control structure to provide reas onable, but not absolute, assurance that deposits 
and investments are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, that 
transactions are executed in accordance with management’s authorization and recorded 
properly, and are managed in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
The Town Board, in order to implement the investment policy, authorizes the Financial 
Administrator or his deputy, under the control and direction of the Financial Administrator, to 
undertake the necessary ministerial day to day functions regarding the temporary investments 
of monies and to further carry out the cash management for town funds and related collateral 
management matters subject to and consistent with General Municipal Law, Section 11.  
 
VII DESIGNATION OF DEPOSITORIES 
 
  The banks and trust companies authorized for the deposit of Town funds: 
   
 Depository Name  
 
Dime, Capital One, Citibank, Chase, Bank United, First National Bank of Lo ng 
Island, TD Bank, Flushing Bank, Webster, Hanover, M&T Bank, NYCLASS 
 
VIII COLLATERALIZATION OF DEPOSITS 
 
In accordance with the provisions of General Municipal Law, Section 10, all deposits of the Town 
of Riverhead, including certificates of deposits and special time deposits, in excess of the amount 
insured under the provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act shall be secured pursuant to 
and consistent with the provisions of General Municipal Law, Section 10 (3) (a) through (d): 
 
1) By a pledge of “eligible securities” with an aggregate “market value”, or provided 
by General Municipal Law, Section 10, equal to the 102% of the aggregate amount 
of deposits from the categories designated Appendix A to this policy.  
 
2) By an eligible “irrevocable letter of credit” issued by a qualified bank other than 
the bank with the deposits in favor of the government for a term not to exceed 90 
days with an aggregate value equal to 140% of the aggregate amount of deposits 
and the agreed upon interest, if any.  A qualified bank is one whose commercial 
paper and other unsecured short -term debt obligations are rated in one of the 
three highest rating categories by at least one nationally recognized statistical 
rating organization or by a bank that is in compliance with applicable federal 
minimum risk-based capital requirements. 
9.33.a
Packet Pg. 164
Attachment: INVESTMENT POLICY 2023  (2023-33 : Adopts 2023 Investment Policy)
3) By an eligible “irrevocable letter of credit” issued in favor of the local government 
by a federal home loan bank whose commercial paper and other unsecured short-
term debt obligations are rated in the highest rating category by at least one 
nationally recognized statistical rating organization, for the payme nt of 100% of 
the aggregate amount of public deposits from such officers and the agreed upon 
interest, if any. 
 
4) By an eligible surety bond payable to the government for an amount at least equal 
to 100% of the aggregate amount of deposits and the agreed upon interest, if 
any, executed by an insurance company authorized to do business in New York 
State, whose claims – paying ability is rated in the highest rating category by at 
least two nationally recognized statistical rating organizations. The terms and 
conditions of any eligible surety bond shall be approved by the governing board. 
5) Under the amendment of General Municipal Law Chapter 128, Sections 10 and 11, 
the Town may authorize their designated depository bank or trust company to 
arrange for the “redeposit” of the local government’s funds, for the account of the 
local government, in one or more “banking instituti on,” through a deposit 
placement program, subject to a placement program that meets criteria set forth 
in Section 10 (2)(a)(ii)(A) through (D).  
 
IX SAFEKEEPING AND COLLATERALIZATION 
 
Eligible securities used for collateralizing deposits shall be held by t he depository and/or 
a third party bank or trust company subject to security and custodial agreements. The Supervisor 
shall be authorized to execute all and any necessary security, custodian and collateral 
agreements on behalf of the Town of Riverhead. 
 
The security agreement shall provide that eligible securities are being pledged to secure 
the Town’s deposits together with agreed upon interest, if any, and any costs or expenses arising 
out of the collections of such deposits upon default.  It shall also p rovide the conditions under 
which the securities may be sold, presented for payment, substituted or released and the events 
which will enable the Town of Riverhead to exercise it rights against the pledged securities.  In 
the event that the securities are not registered or inscribed in the name of the Town of 
Riverhead, such securities shall be delivered in a form suitable for transfer or with an assignment 
in blank to the Town of Riverhead or its custodial bank. 
 
The custodial agreement shall provide that securities held by the bank or trust company, 
or agent of and custodian for the Town of Riverhead, will be kept separate and apart from the 
general assets of the custodian bank or trust company and will not, in any circumstances, be 
commingled with or become part of the backing for any other deposit or other liabilities.  The 
agreement should also describe that the custodian shall confirm the receipt, substitution or 
release of the securities.  The agreement shall provide from the frequency of revaluation o f 
eligible securities and for the substitute of securities when a change in the rating of a security 
may cause in-eligibility. 
 
 
 
 
9.33.a
Packet Pg. 165
Attachment: INVESTMENT POLICY 2023  (2023-33 : Adopts 2023 Investment Policy)
X PERMITTED INVESTMENTS 
 
As authorized by General Municipal Law, Section 11, the Town Board authorizes the chief 
fiscal officer to invest moneys not required for immediate expenditure in the following types of 
investment: 
  
- Special time deposit accounts; 
- Certificates of deposit; 
- Obligations of the United States of America; 
- Obligations guaranteed by agencies of the United States of America where the 
payment of principal and interest are guaranteed by the United States of 
America;  
- Obligations of the State of New York; 
- Obligations issued pursuant to Local Finance Law Section 24.00 or 25.00 (with 
approval of the State Comptroller) by any municipality, school district or district 
cooperation other than the Town of Riverhead; 
- Obligations of public authorities, public housing authorities, urban renewal 
agencies and industrial development agencies where the general State statutes 
governing such entities or whose specific enabling legislation authorizes such 
investments; 
- Certificates of Participation (COPs) issued pursuant to GML, Section 109-b; 
- Obligations of the Town of Riverhead, b ut only with any moneys in a reserve 
fund established pursuant to GML, Section 6-c, 6-d, 6-e, 6-g, 6-h, 6-j, 6-k, 6-l, 
6-m, or 6-n. 
 
All investment obligations shall be payable or redeemable at the option of the Town of 
Riverhead within such times as the p roceeds will be needed to meet expenditures for 
purposes for which the moneys were provided and, in the case of obligations purchased 
with the proceeds of bonds or notes, shall be payable or redeemable at the option of the 
Town of Riverhead within two years of the date of purchase. 
 
XI AUTHORIZED FINANACIAL INSTITUTES AND DEALERS 
 
The Town of Riverhead shall maintain a list of financial institutions and dealers 
approved for investment purposes and establish appropriate limits to the amount of 
investments which can be made with each financial institution or dealer.  All financial 
institutions with which the Town conducts business must be credit worthy.  Banks shall 
provide their most recent Consolidated Report of Condition at the request of the Town.  
Security dealers not affiliated with a bank shall be required to be classified as reporting 
dealers affiliated with the New York Federal Reserve Bank, as primary dealers.  The chief 
fiscal officer is responsible for evaluating the financial position and maintaini ng a listing 
of proposed depositories, trading partners and custodians. Such listing shall be evaluated 
at least annually. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9.33.a
Packet Pg. 166
Attachment: INVESTMENT POLICY 2023  (2023-33 : Adopts 2023 Investment Policy)
XII PURCHASE OF INVESTMENT 
 
The chief fiscal officer is authorized to contract for the purposes of investment: 
 
1) By participating in a cooperative investment program with another 
authorized governmental entity pursuant to Article 5G of the General 
Municipal Law where such program meets all the requirements set 
forth in the Office of the State Comptroller Opinion #88-46, and the 
specific program has been authorized by the Town Board. 
 
2) By utilizing an ongoing investment program with an authorized 
tracking partner pursuant to a contract authorized by the Town 
Board. 
 
All purchased obligations, unless registered or inscribed in the name of the Town 
of Riverhead, shall be purchased through, delivered to and held in the custody of a bank 
or trust company.  Such obligations shall be purchased, sold or presented for redemption 
or payment by such bank in trust company only in acco rdance with prior written 
authorization from the officer authorized to make the investment.  All such transactions 
shall be confirmed in writing to the Town of Riverhead by the bank or trust company.  
Any obligation held in the custody of a bank or trust c ompany shall be held pursuant to 
a written custodial agreement as described in General Municipal Law, Section 10. 
 
 The custodial agreement shall provide that securities held by the bank or trust 
company, as agent of and custodian for, the Town of Riverhea d, will be kept separate 
and apart from the general assets of the custodian bank or trust company and will not, 
in any circumstances, be commingled with or become part of the backing for any other 
deposit or other liabilities.  The agreement shall describe how the custodian shall confirm 
the receipt and release of the securities.  Such agreement shall include all provisions 
necessary to provide the Town a perfected interest in the securities. 
 
 
 
 
 
• Underline represents addition(s) 
• Strikethrough represents deletion(s) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9.33.a
Packet Pg. 167
Attachment: INVESTMENT POLICY 2023  (2023-33 : Adopts 2023 Investment Policy)
 
 
Appendix A 
 
Schedule of Eligible Securities 
 
 
_____ (i)  Obligations issued, or fully insured or guaranteed as to the payment of principal and 
interest, by the United states of America, an agency thereof or a United States 
government sponsored corporation. 
 
_____ (ii)  Obligations issued or fully guaranteed by the International Bank for Reconstruction 
and Development, the Inter-American Development Bank, the Asian Development Bank, 
and the African Development Bank. 
 
_____ (iii)  Obligations partially insured or guaranteed by any agency of the United States of 
America, at a proportion of the Market Value of the obligation that represents the 
amount of the insurance or guaranty. 
 
_____ (iv)  Obligations issued or fully insured or guaranteed by the State of New York, 
obligations issued by a municipal corporation, school district or district corporation of 
such State or obligations of any public benefit corporation which under a specific State 
statute may be accepted as security for deposit of public moneys. 
 
_____ (v)  Obligations issued by states (other than the State of New York) of the United States 
rated in one of the three highest rating categories by at least one nationally recognized 
statistical organization. 
 
_____ (vi)  Obligations of Puerto Rico rated in one of the three highest rating categories by at 
least one nationally recognized statistical rating organization. 
 
_____ (vii)  Obligations of counties, cities and other governmental entities of a state other 
than the State of New York having the power to levy taxes that are backed by the full 
faith and credit of such governmental entity and rated in one of the three highest rating 
categories by at least one nationally recognized statistical rating organization.  
 
_____ (viii)  Obligations of domestic corporations rated in one of the two highest rating 
categories by at least one nationally recognized statistical rating organization. 
 
_____  (ix)  Any mortgage related securities, as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended, which may be purchased by banks under the limitations established 
by bank regulatory agencies. 
 
_____ (x)  Commercial paper and bankers acceptances issued by a bank other than the Bank, 
rated in the highest short term category by at least one nationally recognized statistical 
rating organization and having maturities of not longer than 60 days from the date they 
are pledged. 
 
_____  (xi)  Zero obligations of the United States government related as "Treasury strips". 
9.33.a
Packet Pg. 168
Attachment: INVESTMENT POLICY 2023  (2023-33 : Adopts 2023 Investment Policy)
 
9.33.a
Packet Pg. 169
Attachment: INVESTMENT POLICY 2023  (2023-33 : Adopts 2023 Investment Policy)
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-34 
 
ESTABLISHES STANDARD WORK DAY FOR ELECTED AND APPOINTED 
OFFICIAL 
 
Councilman Beyrodt Jr. offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Rothwell 
 
BE IT RESOLVED, that the Town Board of the Town of Riverhead, NYSLERS 
Location Code #30013, hereby establishes the following as the standard work day for 
these elected and appointed officials and will report the following days worked to the 
New York State and Local Employees' Retirement System based on the time keeping 
system records or the record of activities maintained and submitted by this official to the 
clerk of this body: 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk is hereby directed to forward 
a copy of this resolution to the Personnel Officer and the Financial Administrator.  Town 
Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of this resolution from the electronic 
storage device, and if needed, a certified copy of same can be obtained from the office 
of the Town Clerk.   
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.34
Packet Pg. 170
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution    X           Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: Establishes Standard Work Day for Elected and Appointed Officials 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: to determine the number of work days to report to the retirement system 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes             No    X        
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget              
(example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items F,G and 
complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Ashley 
Striplin-Tio 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/16/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.34
Packet Pg. 171
 
Title Standard 
Work Day 
(Hrs/day) 
Min. 6 hrs 
Max. 8 hrs 
Name                              
(First and Last) 
Social 
Security 
Number 
(Last 4 
digits) 
Registration 
Number 
Tier 1 
(Check only 
if member is 
in Tier I) 
Current Term 
Begin & End 
dates 
(mm/dd/yy-
mm/dd/yy) 
Participates in 
Employer's Time 
Keeping System 
(Yes/No If Yes, do 
not complete the 
last two columns) 
Record of 
Activities 
Result 
Not Submitted 
(Check only if 
official did not 
submit their 
Record of 
Activities) 
Elected Officials 
Zoning Board 
Member 7.00 Daniel Zaweski XXXX XXXXXXX-X  
08/17/2021-
12/31/2024 N 1.50  
          
          
                    
 
 
9.34.a
Packet Pg. 172
Attachment: Standard Workday Chart  (2023-34 : Establishes Standard Work Day for Elected and
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-35 
 
APPOINTS OFFICIAL NEWSPAPER FOR THE TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
Councilman Rothwell offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Kern 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, pursuant to New York State Town Law 
§64 (11), the Town Board of the Town of Riverhead hereby designates the News-
Review as the Official Newspaper for the publication of a notice, local law, resolution, or 
other matters pertaining to the affairs of the Town of Riverhead; and be it further,  
 
RESOLVED, pursuant to New York State Town Law §64 (11), the Town Board of 
the Town of Riverhead hereby designates four additional newspapers: Newsday, New 
York Times, the Community Journal and Dan’s Papers to be used in any situation that 
requires a time frame that can only be met with a daily newspaper and/or seeks to 
afford notice to either a targeted or larger population; and be it further,   
 
RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk is hereby directed to forward a copy of this 
resolution to the following: (1) News-Review, tgannon@timesreview.com; (2) New York 
Times, 229 W 34th Street, New York, NY 10036; (3) Newsday, li@newsday.com235 
Pinelawn Road, Melville, NY 11747; (4) Community Journal, P.O. 619, Wading River, 
NY 11792; and (5) Dan’s Papers, vschneps@schnepsmedia.com and be it further, 
 
RESOLVED, that all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of 
this resolution from the electronic storage device and, if needed, a certified copy of 
same may be obtained from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.35
Packet Pg. 173
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution      X         Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: Appoints Official Newspaper for the Town of Riverhead 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Designates News Review as the official newspaper under Town Law § 64(11).  
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes           No     XX      
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  
(example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services) *if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items F, G and 
complete H, I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Karen 
Occhiogrosso 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/28/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/29/22 
 
 
9.35
Packet Pg. 174
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-36 
 
ADOPTS WORKPLACE VIOLENCE PROTECTION PROGRAM 
 
Councilman Kern offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Hubbard 
 
WHEREAS, the New York State Workplace Violence Prevention Act was passed 
in 2006, which Act amended NYS Labor Law by adding a new Section 27-b, which 
requires all state and local government employers to take steps to ensure that their 
employees are provided protection from potential incidents of violence in the 
workplaces; and 
 
WHEREAS, a Workplace Violence Prevention Program (the “Program”) and risk 
assessment were implemented thereafter in accordance with the Act; and  
 
WHEREAS, that it has been brought to the Town Attorney’s attention that there 
is a need to update the current Program; and 
 
WHEREAS, the attached Workplace Violence Protection Program has been 
reviewed and the Town Board of the Town of Riverhead wishes to put into effect the 
updated Program.  
 
 NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED that the Town Board of the Town of 
Riverhead hereby adopts the attached Workplace Violence Prevention Program; and be 
it further 
 
 RESOLVED, that all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of 
this resolution from the electronic storage device and, if needed, a copy of same may be 
obtained from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.36
Packet Pg. 175
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution      X         Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Update Workplace Violence Protection Program 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes             No      X      
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget              
(example:routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items F,G and 
complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Cathy 
Seebeck 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/09/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/20/22 
 
 
9.36
Packet Pg. 176
Town of Riverhead 
Operating Guidelines 
Adopted ___________________
Workplace Violence Protection Program 
Program reviewed by 
Terri Defilippis - CSEA President 
Ashley Striplin Tio - Personel Officer 
Erik Howard - Town Attorney  
10 /03/2022 
09 /28/2022 
10/06/2022
9.36.a
Packet Pg. 177
Attachment: WPVPP-REVISED-FINAL-12-16-22  (2023-36 : Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program)
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    Page 
Section 1 – Introduction .......................................................................................................1 
Policy Statement ..................................................................................................................1 
Overview of the New York State Workplace Violence Prevention Act ..............................3 
What is Workplace Violence? .............................................................................................3 
What is a Workplace Violence Incident? .............................................................................3 
Savings Clause .....................................................................................................................4 
Section 2 – Employee and Supervisory Roles and Responsibilities ....................................4 
Employee Responsibility .....................................................................................................4 
Supervisor Responsibility ....................................................................................................5 
Hazard Reduction Team ......................................................................................................5 
Section 3 – Response Procedures ........................................................................................6 
During An Incident ..............................................................................................................6 
Post Incident.........................................................................................................................6 
Dealing With Conflict ..........................................................................................................7 
Do’s and Don’ts for Dealing with Potentially Violent Individuals .....................................7 
Section 4 – Training and Education .....................................................................................8 
Section 5 – Incident Recordkeeping and Reporting and Investigations ..............................9 
Recordkeeping .....................................................................................................................9 
Incident Reporting .............................................................................................................10 
Incident Investigation.........................................................................................................11 
Program reviewed by 
Terri Defilippis - CSEA President 
Ashley Striplin Tio - Personel Officer 
Erik Howard - Town Attorney  
10 /03/2022 
09 /28/2022 
10/06/2022
9.36.a
Packet Pg. 178
Attachment: WPVPP-REVISED-FINAL-12-16-22  (2023-36 : Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program)
Section 6 – Form ................................................................................................................12 
Program reviewed by 
Terri Defilippis - CSEA President 
Ashley Striplin Tio - Personel Officer 
Erik Howard - Town Attorney  
10 /03/2022 
09 /28/2022 
10/06/2022
9.36.a
Packet Pg. 179
Attachment: WPVPP-REVISED-FINAL-12-16-22  (2023-36 : Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program)
SECTION 1 – INTRODUCTION 
Workplace Violence Prevention Policy Statement 
The Town of Riverhead is committed to providing its employees with a work 
environment that is safe, secure, and free of harassment, threats, intimidation and 
violence.  The Town also considers the safety of its residents, vendors, contractors, and 
the general public (“visitors”) to be of paramount importance and strives to provide them 
the same type of protections while on Town property. 
The Town has zero tolerance for workplace violence.  Workplace violence is defined by 
New York State Regulations as any physical assault or acts of aggressive behavior 
occurring where a public employee performs any work-related duty in the course of his or 
her employment including, but not limited to: 
(a) an attempt or threat, whether verbal or physical, to inflict physical
injury upon an employee;
(b) any intentional display of force which would give an employee reason
to fear or expect bodily harm;
(c) intentional and wrongful physical contact with a person without his or
her consent and that entails some injury;
(d) stalking an employee with the intent of causing fear of material harm
to the physical safety and health of the employee when such stalking
has arisen through and in the course of employment.
The Town will not tolerate any acts of violence and will take reasonable and practical 
measures to prevent violence and protect employees and visitors from acts of violence.  
All employees are responsible for helping to create an environment of mutual respect for 
each other as well as for visitors.  All employees are responsible for following all 
policies, procedures and program requirements, and for assisting in maintaining a safe 
and secure work environment.   
Employees are prohibited from possessing firearms or weapons of any kind while on 
Town premises or in Town vehicles, while conducting business for the Town, or at any 
work sites or other locations during working hours or while representing the Town, 
regardless of whether the person is licensed to carry the weapon.  Weapons include 
guns, knives (explosives, and other items with the potential to inflict bodily harm.  The 
only exceptions are sworn police personnel and employees who are required to use 
knives (e.g., a utility knife) as part of their job duties.  If any employee or his/her 
representative has knowledge of another employee’s possession of a weapon, that 
knowledge should be reported to a supervisor as soon as possible. 
The Town will respond to all incidents of workplace violence or threatening behavior 
immediately upon notification of the incident.   
Program reviewed by 
Terri Defilippis - CSEA President 
Ashley Striplin Tio - Personel Officer 
Erik Howard - Town Attorney  
10 /03/2022 
09 /28/2022 
10/06/2022
9.36.a
Packet Pg. 180
Attachment: WPVPP-REVISED-FINAL-12-16-22  (2023-36 : Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program)
All employees are responsible for using safe work practices, for following all directives, 
policies and procedures, and for assisting in maintaining a safe and secure work 
environment. 
The Town needs your cooperation to implement this policy effectively and maintain a 
safe working environment.  Do not ignore violent, threatening, harassing, intimidating or 
other disruptive behavior.  If you observe or experience this behavior by anyone on Town 
premises, whether or not you are a Town employee, you should report it immediately to  
your Department Head and or Supervisor.  Department Heads who receive these reports 
should complete an “Incident Report Form” and seek advice from the Town’s Attorney at 
727-3200, ext.378 regarding investigating the incident and initiating appropriate action.   
THREATS OR ASSAULTS WHICH REQUIRE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION BY 
SECURITY OR POLICE SHOULD BE REPORTED TO THE POLICE AT 911. 
Enforcement of this policy will be accomplished through the implementation of a 
Workplace Violence Prevention Program, and by complying with the requirements of the 
NYS Workplace Violence Prevention Act as set forth in NYS Labor Law Section 27-b.  A 
general review of the Town’s Workplace Violence Prevention Program will be conducted 
every year.  Specific reviews will be conducted upon a workplace violence incident. 
This policy will be posted in the following locations:  all Town buildings. 
Individuals who violate this Policy may be subject to removal, criminal and/or civil 
charges, and/or disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment.  
Any employee who, in good faith, makes a report of workplace violence, reports 
witnessing workplace violence, or is involved in reporting, investigating, or 
responding to workplace violence, will not be subject to retaliation of any kind.  Any 
employee found to have engaged in retaliatory action will be subject to discipline, up 
to and including termination.
Program reviewed by 
Terri Defilippis - CSEA President 
Ashley Striplin Tio - Personel Officer 
Erik Howard - Town Attorney  
10 /03/2022 
09 /28/2022 
10/06/2022
9.36.a
Packet Pg. 181
Attachment: WPVPP-REVISED-FINAL-12-16-22  (2023-36 : Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program)
Overview of the New York State Workplace Violence Prevention Act 
Based on an increasing awareness of, and in response to, workplace violence incidents in 
public sector workplaces. 
Among other requirements, Section 27-b requires every public sector employer to: 
1. conduct a risk assessment of its worksites to identify and address any existing risk
factors that may increase the possibility of workplace violence;
2. provide training for all employees, which informs them of the risk factors that
may be present in their workplace(s), measures they can take to protect
themselves from these risks, and the steps the employer has implemented to
protect employees, such as appropriate work practices, emergency procedures,
and use of security alarms and other devices; and
3. for employers with 20 or more full-time employees, develop and implement a
written workplace violence prevention program that lists the risk factors and the
methods the employer is using to prevent violence and minimize or eliminate
identified hazards.
What Is Workplace Violence? 
Workplace violence can be any act of verbal or physical violence, threat of physical 
violence, harassment, intimidation, or other threatening, disruptive behavior that occurs at 
a worksite or while a public employee performs any work-related duty in the course of 
his or her employment.  Workplace violence can affect or involve employees, visitors, 
contractors, and others. 
For purposes of this policy, the workplace is defined as any location, either permanent or 
temporary, where an employee performs any work-related duty.  This includes, but is not 
limited to, Town-owned/leased buildings and facilities, parking lots, and traveling to and 
from work assignments within the work day. 
Workplace violence can be inflicted by an abusive employee, a supervisor, member of 
the public, family member, or even a stranger.  Whatever the cause or whomever the 
perpetrator, workplace violence will not be accepted or tolerated by the Town. 
What is a workplace violence incident? 
According to the NYS Department of Labor, a workplace violence incident is defined as 
one or more of the following: 
a. An attempt or threat, whether verbal or physical, to inflict injury upon another
person.
b. Any intentional display of force that would give a person reason to fear or expect
bodily harm.
Program reviewed by 
Terri Defilippis - CSEA President 
Ashley Striplin Tio - Personel Officer 
Erik Howard - Town Attorney  
10 /03/2022 
09 /28/2022 
10/06/2022
9.36.a
Packet Pg. 182
Attachment: WPVPP-REVISED-FINAL-12-16-22  (2023-36 : Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program)
c. Intentional and wrongful physical contact with a person without his or her consent
that entails some injury or offensive touching.
d. Harassment of a nature that would give a person reason to fear escalation or
harassment arising out of or in the course of employment.
e. Stalking a person with the intent of causing fear when the stalking has arisen
through or in the course of employment.
An incident may be committed without one person actually touching or striking or doing 
bodily harm to another person.  Concerns about sexual harassment may also be covered 
by the Town’s Sexual Harassment Policy. 
Savings Clause 
The Town of Riverhead has made every effort to ensure that this Workplace Violence 
Prevention Program complies with NYS Department of Labor regulations.  In the event 
any of the provisions, portions or applications of this Program are found to be invalid or 
inconsistent with any superseding legal requirements by any tribunal of competent 
jurisdiction, then the provisions, portions or applications specified in the decision will be 
of no force and effect, but the remainder of the Program will continue to be in full force 
and effect. 
Section 2 – Employee and Supervisory Roles and Responsibilities 
Employee Responsibility 
It is the responsibility of every Town employee to assist and cooperate in making our 
workplace as safe as possible.  In order to accomplish this task, all employees need to 
fully understand and adhere to the provisions of this Workplace Violence Prevention 
Program. 
Any employee who witnesses or is the victim of any form of workplace violence, or who 
notices or perceives any physical condition, procedure, or any other factor that may 
contribute to the potential risk of workplace violence, should report it to his/her 
department head.  If the supervisor is a party to the incident or concern, or if for any 
reason the employee is not comfortable reporting it to the supervisor, then the report 
should be made to a member of the Hazard Reduction Team.  A list of the Hazard 
Reduction Team members is available at Town Supervisor’s office.  All reports should 
be documented using the attached Workplace Violence Incident Report Form, and the 
department head must submit all reports to the Town Supervisor. 
If an employee properly refers a matter of concern as set forth above, and the Town is 
given reasonable opportunity to correct the matter but it has not been resolved or the 
employee or representative of the employees still believes a violation remains, or if the 
employee believes that an imminent danger exists, the employee or representative of 
employees has the right to contact the New York State Department of Labor, in writing, 
to request an inspection of the situation by the Department of Labor. 
Program reviewed by 
Terri Defilippis - CSEA President 
Ashley Striplin Tio - Personel Officer 
Erik Howard - Town Attorney  
10 /03/2022 
09 /28/2022 
10/06/2022
9.36.a
Packet Pg. 183
Attachment: WPVPP-REVISED-FINAL-12-16-22  (2023-36 : Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program)
Employees who apply for, obtain or are covered by a protective or restraining order that 
lists specific workplace locations as being protected areas, must provide his/her 
department head or the Town Supervisor with a copy of the petition and declaration used 
to seek the order as well as a copy of any temporary or permanent protective or restraining 
order that was granted.  The Town will endeavor to maintain confidentiality of same and 
respect the privacy of the reporting employee to the maximum extent possible consistent 
with the Town’s obligations pursuant to this Program. 
An Authorized Employee Representative will be given the opportunity to contribute 
information, assist with analyzing statistics and conducting the workplace risk evaluation 
and determination, participate in incident reviews, and provide input about the Workplace 
Violence Prevention Program. 
Any employee who, in good faith, makes a report of workplace violence, reports 
witnessing workplace violence, or is involved in reporting, investigating, or 
responding to workplace violence, will not be subject to retaliation of any kind.  Any 
employee found to have engaged in retaliatory action will be subject to discipline, up 
to and including termination. 
Supervisor and Department Head Responsibility 
Supervisor and department Heads have the responsibility for ensuring that these policies 
and procedures are clearly communicated and understood by all employees, as well as 
enforcing them in a fair and consistent manner.  Supervisors and Department heads are 
accountable for ensuring that all aspects of this Program under their area of responsibility 
are properly met. 
Supervisors and Department heads must carefully review and assess information provided 
by employees or other sources.  If a problem situation or location is identified, appropriate 
precautions should be taken based on the specific situation.  Information about the 
problem should be communicated to the Town Supervisor and the Hazard Reduction 
Team for possible notification of other employees who may work in a similar/identical 
situation and for updates to the Workplace Violence Prevention Program. 
Hazard Reduction Team 
A Hazard Reduction Team (“Team”) has been established to assess the Town’s 
vulnerability to workplace violence and to make recommendations on preventive actions 
to be taken.  The Team will consist of at least one representative designated by the Town, 
who initially will be Ashley Striplin-Tio and an authorized employee representative.  The 
Team will contribute toward maintaining the Program.  A copy of the Program is 
available upon request to the Town Supervisor’s office and in all Town buildings. 
The Team will conduct the risk assessment and employee surveys.  Once the level of risk 
is determined, the Team will participate in the development of risk reduction strategies, 
which will then be implemented during employee training. 
Program reviewed by 
Terri Defilippis - CSEA President 
Ashley Striplin Tio - Personel Officer 
Erik Howard - Town Attorney  
10 /03/2022 
09 /28/2022 
10/06/2022
9.36.a
Packet Pg. 184
Attachment: WPVPP-REVISED-FINAL-12-16-22  (2023-36 : Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program)
The Team may participate in the oversight of employee training programs in violence 
prevention and the development of a plan for responding to acts of violence.  It may also 
participate in communicating this plan internally to all employees.  The Team may 
participate in reviewing previous incidents of violence at Town workplaces.  It may 
analyze and review existing records to identity patterns which may indicate causes and 
severity of assault incidents and identify changes necessary to correct these hazards.  
These records include, but are not limited to, past incident reports, insurance records, 
Workers’ Compensation records, accident investigations, and training records. 
Additionally, the Team may participate in the inspection of the workplace and evaluate 
the work tasks of employees to determine the presence of hazards, conditions, operations 
and other situations which might place workers at risk of occupational assault incidents.  
Employees may be surveyed to identify the potential for violent incidents and identify or 
confirm the need for improved security measures.  These surveys will be reviewed, 
updated and distributed as needed. 
The Team will also, on at least an annual basis, review and update the Program.  The 
review and update will set forth any mitigating steps taken in response to any incident of 
workplace violence. 
Section 3 – Response Procedures 
During An Incident 
If a threatening situation arises: 
Try to remain calm. 
Remove yourself from the threat as quickly as possible. 
Immediately call or alert others to call appropriate help (e.g., police, supervisor, 
ambulance) to obtain immediate on-site assistance. 
In emergency situation, dial 911. 
Notify coworkers as soon as practical to enable them to also reach safety if danger is 
imminent and applicable to them. 
Post Incident 
Steps will be taken to review risks and determine whether additional security measures 
are needed to mitigate a threat or violent incident.  An investigation will take place to 
determine what actions are appropriate to prevent a similar occurrence.  The Town will 
respect privacy and confidentiality rights of employees during investigations to the 
greatest extent possible. 
If warranted, increased worksite protection, such as additional police or security patrols, 
will be provided when threats of violence have been made. 
Program reviewed by 
Terri Defilippis - CSEA President 
Ashley Striplin Tio - Personel Officer 
Erik Howard - Town Attorney  
10 /03/2022 
09 /28/2022 
10/06/2022
9.36.a
Packet Pg. 185
Attachment: WPVPP-REVISED-FINAL-12-16-22  (2023-36 : Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program)
Anyone who might be affected if the threat-maker carries out his or her threat may be 
notified. 
Counseling may be provided to victims about options available to them, such as obtaining 
a restraining order and receiving counseling services from an Employee Assistance 
Program (EAP). 
After the occurrence of a threat or an incident of workplace violence, the Town will 
maintain open lines of communication to alleviate anxiety and reduce misinformation. 
Employees may be assisted with the possible psychological consequences which may 
result from a workplace violence incident.  Counseling services and follow-up treatment, 
as needed, may be offered to employees and their families. 
Dealing With Conflict 
There is no sure way to tell whether someone will become violent; however, there are 
often warning signs before violence occurs.  These warning signs do not mean that the 
individual will actually become violent but, in combination, they should be a cause for 
concern.  Warning signs of potentially violent individuals: 
Written, oral, or implied threats or intimidation 
Fascination with weaponry or acts of violence 
Theft or sabotage of projects or equipment 
Alcohol or drug abuse 
Expressions of hopelessness or heightened anxiety 
Intention to hurt or others 
Lack of concern for the safety of others 
Externalization of blame 
Irrational beliefs and ideas 
Romantic obsession 
Displays of excessive or unwarranted anger 
Feelings of victimization 
Inability to take criticism 
New or increased sources of stress at home or work 
Productivity and/or attendance problems 
Do’s and Don’ts for Dealing with Potentially Violent Individuals 
Do’s 
1. Do project calmness.  Move and speak slowly, quietly, and confidently.
2. Do listen attentively and encourage the person to talk.
3. Do let the speaker know that you are interested in what he or she is saying.
4. Do maintain a relaxed yet attentive posture.
Program reviewed by 
Terri Defilippis - CSEA President 
Ashley Striplin Tio - Personel Officer 
Erik Howard - Town Attorney  
10 /03/2022 
09 /28/2022 
10/06/2022
9.36.a
Packet Pg. 186
Attachment: WPVPP-REVISED-FINAL-12-16-22  (2023-36 : Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program)
5. Do acknowledge the person’s feelings and indicate that you can see she/he is
upset.
6. Do ask for small, specific favors such as asking the person to move to a quieter
area.
7. Do establish ground rules.  State the consequences of violent or threatening
behavior.
8. Do employ delaying tactics that give the person time to calm down.  For example,
offer a cup of water.
9. Do be reassuring and point out choices.
10. Do help the person break down big problems into smaller, more manageable
problems.
11. Do accept criticism.  When a complaint might be true, use statements such as,
“You’re probably right” or “It was my fault.”  If the criticism seems unwarranted,
ask clarifying questions.
12. Do arrange yourself so that your exit is not blocked.
13. Do make sure there are three to six feet between you and the other person.
Don’ts 
1. Don’t make sudden movements that may seem threatening.
2. Don’t speak rapidly, raise your volume, or use an accusatory tone.
3. Don’t reject all demands.
4. Don’t make physical contact, jab your finger at the other person, or use long
periods of eye contact.
5. Don’t pose in challenging stances: directly opposite someone, hands on hips, or
with arms crossed.
6. Don’t challenge, threaten, or dare the individual.  Never belittle the other person.
7. Don’t criticize or act impatient.
8. Don’t attempt to bargain with a threatening individual.
9. Don’t try to make the situation seem less serious than it is.
10. Don’t make false statements or promises you cannot keep.
11. Don’t try to impart a lot of technical or complicated information when emotions
are high.
12. Don’t take sides or agree with distortions.
13. Don’t invade the individual’s personal space.
Section 4 – Training and Education 
Training and Education 
All employees will receive training and education on the risks of workplace violence and 
procedures for responding to and reporting incidents of workplace violence.  Training 
will be provided upon completion of the Program and annually thereafter.  Additional 
training may be required prior to starting a new job assignment, if new laws relating to 
workplace violence are enacted or there are changes in any current laws, or if the Town 
Program reviewed by 
Terri Defilippis - CSEA President 
Ashley Striplin Tio - Personel Officer 
Erik Howard - Town Attorney  
10 /03/2022 
09 /28/2022 
10/06/2022
9.36.a
Packet Pg. 187
Attachment: WPVPP-REVISED-FINAL-12-16-22  (2023-36 : Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program)
makes significant changes to its Workplace Violence Prevention Program, risk factors or 
work controls. 
The Town’s employee training and education will include, but not be limited to, the 
following areas: 
• Overview of the New York State Workplace Violence Prevention Act and NYS
Labor Law Section 27-b, and Regulations, 12 N.Y.C.R.R. Part 800.6
• Description and details of the Town’s Workplace Violence Prevention Program
• Workplace location of the Town’s Workplace Violence Prevention Program
manual and the procedures for obtaining a copy
• Definition of workplace violence and the three levels or workplace violence
• Methods of recognizing and responding to the three levels of workplace violence
• Standard response action plan for violent situations
• Procedures for reporting a workplace violence incident or imminent danger
• How and when incidents will be investigated by the Town
• The risk factors identified in the Hazard Reduction Team’s risk evaluation
• Measures employees can take to protect themselves from identified risks
• Procedures, policies, safety devices, and/or work environment accommodations
which have been implemented to protect employees based on the results of the
risk evaluation
• Post-incident procedures, including medical follow-up and the availability of
counseling for affected individuals
Specialized training and education may be provided to supervisors as well as to those 
employees who are at higher risk of workplace violence based on their job duties and/or 
work site location. 
Upon completion of the training, employees may be asked to provide feedback on the 
quality and content of the training.  Upon request to the Town, employees will receive a 
copy of the Town’s Workplace Violence Prevention Program. 
Section 5 – Incident Recordkeeping and Reporting and Investigations 
Recordkeeping 
The Town will maintain accurate records regarding all workplace violence incidents.  
The Town will adhere to all of the requirements of 12 NYCRR Part 801, known as the 
Public Employer Recordkeeping Rule, which is implemented pursuant to Section 27-a of 
the Labor Law, for the recording of employee injuries or illnesses due to workplace 
violence incidents.  All workplace violence incident forms will be kept according to the 
applicable retention and disposition schedules. 
Any situation that meets the definition of a workplace violence incident as defined in 
Section 1 (Introduction) or any workplace violence injury that results in death, days away 
Program reviewed by 
Terri Defilippis - CSEA President 
Ashley Striplin Tio - Personel Officer 
Erik Howard - Town Attorney  
10 /03/2022 
09 /28/2022 
10/06/2022
9.36.a
Packet Pg. 188
Attachment: WPVPP-REVISED-FINAL-12-16-22  (2023-36 : Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program)
from work, restricted work or transfer to another job, medical treatment beyond first aid, 
or loss of consciousness, must be documented on a Workplace Violence Incident Report.  
Any recordable injury must also be documented on the SH-900 log.  The report will be 
initiated by the employee and completed with the assistance of the Town Supervisor.   
The SH-900 Logs and Workplace Violence Incident Reports will be reviewed by the 
Hazard Reduction Team on a regular basis.  The forms will also be summarized and 
analyzed at least annually so that the Team can identify any trends in the types of 
workplace violence incidents occurring and to review the effectiveness of the mitigating 
actions taken. 
The Town is required to report employee workplace violence related fatalities and 
multiple hospitalizations to the New York State Department of Labor’s Public Employee 
Safety and Health (PESH) Bureau within eight hours of the incident.  (Refer to NYCRR 
Part 801 for complete information pertaining to employee recordkeeping and PESH 
reporting requirements). 
Incident Reporting 
The Town will follow all federal, state and local laws and procedures in the reporting of 
workplace violence incidents.  Any workplace violence incident that may be of a criminal 
or domestic violence nature will be immediately reported to the appropriate police 
authorities or be handled in accordance with accepted operating procedures. 
Town Incident Reporting Procedures – All incidents of Level I violence must be reported 
within 48 hours of occurrence.  All Level II and Level III incidents must be immediately 
reported.  The reporting structure is outlined in Section 2 (Employee Responsibility) of 
this manual.  An “Incident Report Form” must be completed for each incident.  A copy of 
the form may be forwarded to the one or more members of the Hazard Reduction Team 
for their review and investigation. 
At a minimum, the report will include the following information:  (a) workplace location 
where incident occurred; (b) date of incident; (c) time of day; (d) incident description; (e) 
names and job titles of involved employees; (f) extent of injuries; (g) names of witnesses; 
(h) name or other identifier of other individual(s) involved; and (i) information on
preventative actions that the Town has taken or is considering as a result of the incident
to mitigate against further like occurrences.  These reports will be maintained for use
when the program is reviewed and updated.  The Incident Report Form contained in this
manual or the DOSH (Division of Safety and Health) Sh-900.2 form or C-2 form with the
required information added may be utilized.
If the report involves a privacy concern case, the Report will be kept confidential and the 
Town will replace the name of the employee who was the victim of the workplace 
violence with “PRIVACY CONCERN CASE” before sharing the Report.  The following 
will be treated as privacy concern cases:   
Program reviewed by 
Terri Defilippis - CSEA President 
Ashley Striplin Tio - Personel Officer 
Erik Howard - Town Attorney  
10 /03/2022 
09 /28/2022 
10/06/2022
9.36.a
Packet Pg. 189
Attachment: WPVPP-REVISED-FINAL-12-16-22  (2023-36 : Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program)
a. an injury or illness to an intimate body part or the reproductive system;
b. an injury or illness resulting from a sexual assault;
c. mental illness;
d. HIV infection;
e. needle stick injuries and cuts from sharp objects which are or may be
contaminated with another person’s blood or other potentially infectious
materials; and
f. other injuries or illnesses, if the employee independently and voluntarily
requests that his or her name not be entered in the Report.
The Town Supervisor or designee is required to report any workplace violence related 
fatalities and multiple hospitalizations to the DOSH District Office within eight hours of 
the incident.   
Nearest DOSH District Office: 
400 Oak Street, Suite 10, Garden City, NY 11530 
Incident Investigation 
Each incident may be investigated by one or more members of the Hazard Reduction 
Team depending upon the circumstance.  The investigation may take various forms, 
depending upon the type of incident (e.g., threat assessment, administrative, criminal). 
After the occurrence of a workplace violence incident, the Town will consider prevention 
enhancements which may be necessary to properly protect employees.  The Team may 
discuss the causes of the incident and make recommendations on how to revise the 
Workplace Violence Prevention Program, if necessary, to prevent similar incidents from 
occurring.  Revisions to the program will be put in writing and made available to all 
employees. 
Program reviewed by 
Terri Defilippis - CSEA President 
Ashley Striplin Tio - Personel Officer 
Erik Howard - Town Attorney  
10 /03/2022 
09 /28/2022 
10/06/2022
9.36.a
Packet Pg. 190
Attachment: WPVPP-REVISED-FINAL-12-16-22  (2023-36 : Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program)
Section 6 – FORM 
The following form is to be used in reporting a Workplace Violence incident: 
FORM-1 – Workplace Violence Incident Report Form 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
Workplace Violence Incident Report Form 
This form is to be used to document any reportable workplace violence incident.  This 
form is to be completed and immediately forwarded to the Hazard Reduction Team. 
Employee Name _______________________________________ 
Job Title _______________________________________ 
Location Where Incident Occurred      _______________________________________ 
Date and Time of Incident __________________________________ _____ 
Name of Individual Completing          _______________________________________ 
This Report    
Date Incident Report Completed        _______________________________________ 
Date Incident Report Received by      _______________________________________ 
Hazard Reduction Team 
Supervisor’s Name and        _______________________________________ 
Signature 
Date Report Submitted to the Local    _______________________________________ 
Office of the Dept. of Labor 
List any individuals who may have witnessed this incident: 
Witness Name, Job Title and Witness Work Phone Number 
Check the Type of Violence the victim experienced (Levels I, II, or III): 
Level I Violence 
___ Intimidation   ___ Bullying   ___ Verbal Abuse   ___ Minimal Harassment 
___ Shouting          ___ Swearing  ___Obscene Gestures  ___ False Statements 
Program reviewed by 
Terri Defilippis - CSEA President 
Ashley Striplin Tio - Personel Officer 
Erik Howard - Town Attorney  
10 /03/2022 
09 /28/2022 
10/06/2022
9.36.a
Packet Pg. 191
Attachment: WPVPP-REVISED-FINAL-12-16-22  (2023-36 : Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program)
Level II Violence 
___ Psychological  ___ Suicide    ___ Threats of         ___ Advanced Harassment 
       Trauma Threat Assault  
___ Shouted at       ___ Swore at  ___ Obscene Calls   ___ Being Followed or Stalked 
       Directly Directly  
Level III Violence 
___ Shooting          ___ Stabbing   ___ Striking with an Object  ___ Sexual Assault 
___ Pushing ___ Grabbing ___ Th rowing Objects  ___ Homicide 
Please provide a detailed description of the incident. 
Assailant/Perpetrator       Name Address 
Member of the Public 
Employee’s Spouse 
Employee’s Significant Other 
Employee’s Supervisor 
Co-worker 
Former employee 
Other (specify) 
Did police respond to the incident?      ____ Yes        ___ No 
If yes, please specify the name of the Police Department ________________________ 
Was a police report filed?    ___ Yes    ___No       Police Report Number __________ 
Were you injured?                ___ Yes    ___No 
If yes, please specify your injuries and the name/location of any treatment that you 
received. 
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________ 
Did you lose any work days?  ___ Yes   ___ No   If yes, how many days ___________ 
Have you received counseling since this incident?    ___ Yes    ___ No 
Did you have any reason to believe that this incident might occur?   ___ Yes    ___No 
Has the employer taken measures of which you are aware to avert this incident from 
occurring in the future?        ___ Yes    ___ No       Please describe: 
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________ 
Program reviewed by 
Terri Defilippis - CSEA President 
Ashley Striplin Tio - Personel Officer 
Erik Howard - Town Attorney  
10 /03/2022 
09 /28/2022 
10/06/2022
9.36.a
Packet Pg. 192
Attachment: WPVPP-REVISED-FINAL-12-16-22  (2023-36 : Adopts Workplace Violence Protection Program)
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-37 
 
EXTENDS BID FOR DENSE SODA ASH 58% UNDER THE BID FOR CHEMICALS 
FOR RIVERHEAD SEWER DISTRICT 
 
Councilman Hubbard offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Beyrodt Jr. 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Board Resolution #2022-100 awarded a bid for Dense 
Soda Ash 58% under the bid for CHEMICALS FOR RIVERHEAD SEWER DISTRICT, 
adopted on February 1, 2022 for a period of one (1) year; and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Sewer District Superintendent has requested an extension of the 
bid for Dense Soda Ash 58% for 1 year and the below-named vendor has agreed to 
extend the contract until January 31, 2024 at the original bid amounts; and 
 WHEREAS, the Town Board has reviewed said request. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the bid for Dense Soda Ash 58% 
under the bid for CHEMICALS FOR RIVERHEAD SEWER DISTRICT be and is hereby 
extended until January 31, 2024; and be it further 
 RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk be directed to forward a certified copy of this 
resolution to  
PROGRESSIVE GROWER 
1129 CROSS RIVER DR 
RIVERHEAD, NY 11901 
MMATULONIS@PROGRESSIVEGROWER.COM  
with copies to the Purchasing Department and the Sewer District; and be it further 
 RESOLVED, that all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of 
this resolution from the electronic storage device and, if needed, a certified copy of 
same may be obtained from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.37
Packet Pg. 193
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution     x          Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: Extends Bid for Dense Soda Ash 58% Under the Bid for Chemicals for Riverhead Sewer District 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes    x         No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget   
TB           (example:routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items 
F,G and complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: ES5-8-8189-415-000-00000 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Teresa 
Baldinucci 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/20/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
M. Date 
 
 
9.37
Packet Pg. 194
9.37.a
Packet Pg. 195
Attachment: Dense Soda_12072022120710  (2023-37 : Extends Bid for Dense Soda Ash 58% Chemicals for Sewer District)
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-38 
 
AUTHORIZES THE TOWN CLERK TO PUBLISH AND POST NOTICE TO BIDDERS 
FOR SEWER CHEMICALS 
 
Councilman Beyrodt Jr. offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Rothwell 
 
WHEREAS, the Town of Riverhead Sewer District seeks to bid for CHEMICALS 
FOR RIVERHEAD SEWER DISTRICT; and 
 
WHEREAS, the Sewer District has developed specifications for this service and 
they have been reviewed by the Town Purchasing Agent; and 
 
WHEREAS, the Town Purchasing Agent wishes to publish and post a Notice to 
bidders for CHEMICALS FOR RIVERHEAD SEWER DISTRICT. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Town Board be and does 
hereby authorize the Town Clerk to publish and post the attached public notice in the 
January 12, 2023 issue of the News-Review, and be it further 
 
RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk is hereby authorized to forward a copy of this 
resolution to Sewer District and Purchasing Department; and be it further 
 
RESOLVED, that all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of 
this resolution from the electronic storage device and if needed, a certified copy of same 
may be obtained from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.38
Packet Pg. 196
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution        x       Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: Authorizes the Town Clerk to Publish and Post Notice to Bidders for Sewer Chemicals 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes             No     x       
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget              
(example:routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items F,G and 
complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Teresa 
Baldinucci 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/20/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
M. Date 
 
 
9.38
Packet Pg. 197
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
NOTICE TO BIDDERS 
 
 
Sealed bids for CHEMICALS FOR RIVERHEAD SEWER DISTRICT will be received by 
the Town Clerk of the Town of Riverhead at Town Hall, 200 Howell Avenue, Riverhead, 
New York, 11901, until 11:00 a.m. on January 26, 2023, at which time all bids received 
shall be opened and read aloud. 
 
Bid Specifications and/or Plans may be obtained by visiting the Town of Riverhead 
website at www.townofriverheadny.gov on or after January 12, 2023.  Click on “Bid 
Requests” and follow the instructions to register.   
 
       BY ORDER OF THE TOWN BOARD 
       OF THE TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
       DIANE M. WILHELM, TOWN CLERK 
 
9.38.a
Packet Pg. 198
Attachment: Notice to Bidders  (2023-38 : P&P Bid for Sewer Chemicals)
 
01.04.2023 DEFEATED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-39 
 
SCHEDULES A PUBLIC HEARING AND AUTHORIZES TOWN CLERK TO PUBLISH 
AND POST A PUBLIC NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING TO CONSIDER A LOCAL 
LAW IMPOSING A SIX (6)  MONTH MORATORIUM ON THE DEVELOPMENT OF 
PROPERTIES LOCATED WITHIN THE INDUSTRIAL A, INDUSTRIAL B, AND 
INDUSTRIAL C ZONING USE DISTRICTS WITHIN THE HAMLET OF CALVERTON 
(ZIP CODE 11933) WITHIN THE TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
Councilman Hubbard offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Beyrodt Jr. 
 
 WHEREAS, The Town of Riverhead is experiencing an unprecedented industrial 
growth within the Hamlet of Calverton which have the potential to create significant 
impacts to air-quality, traffic congestion, water supply infrastructure, and other 
potentially significant environmental impacts as well as the potential to cause large 
scale loss of some of the last remaining forested areas within the hamlet; loss, isolation 
or fragmentation of remaining open spaces; and loss or isolation of prime agricultural 
soils. Furthermore, the present level of industrial growth has the potential to 
disproportionally affect the low income and minority population residing in proximity to 
these developments within the Hamlet of Calverton, an identified Environmental Justice 
area; and   
 WHEREAS, the Town seeks to fulfill its obligation and assert the authority vested 
to the Town granted and set forth under Home Rule Law and such other provisions of 
law, to analyze impacts and potential liabilities, determine an appropriate regulatory 
framework for this use, including analyzing impacts and secondary impacts and 
mitigation of said impacts to ensure that locations and operations of industrial growth 
are appropriate within the Town or a particularly zoning district within the Town; 
evaluate and determine consistency with the Comprehensive Plan adopted by the 
Town; and  
 WHEREAS,  the Riverhead Planning Board, by Resolution #2022-101    
unanimously recommended that the Town board implement a Moratorium on 
development within the Industrial Zoning Use Districts located in Calverton; and 
 WHEREAS, the Town Board of the Town of Riverhead recognizes and seeks to 
explore whether additional time is needed to re-evaluate and determine appropriate 
measures or regulations to minimize or mitigate any potential negative impacts; 
evaluate consistency with the existing and intended update to the Town’s 
Comprehensive Plan and the Town Board views a public hearing as an appropriate 
forum to receive such information and comments. 
 NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Town Board hereby schedules 
a Public Hearing to be held at 6:05 p.m. on Wednesday, January 18, 2023 at Riverhead 
Town Hall, 200 Howell Avenue, Riverhead, New York 11901 and that the Town Clerk is 
9.39
Packet Pg. 199
hereby authorized to publish, in the January 12, 2023 edition of the Riverhead News 
Review and post such notice of such hearing for the purpose of considering a Local Law 
to consider imposing a six (6) month moratorium on the process, review, and/or take 
any action on any development applications, including but not limited to Site Plan 
Applications, Special Permit Applications, Major Subdivision Applications, Industrial 
Subdivision Applications, as well as Applications for Use and Area Variances located 
within the Industrial A, Industrial B, and Industrial C Zoning Use Districts within the 
Hamlet of Calverton (Zip Code 11933); and be it further,  
 RESOLVED, that all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of 
this resolution from the electronic storage device and, if needed, a certified copy of 
same may be obtained from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: NOT ADOPTED [2 TO 3] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Tim Hubbard, Frank Beyrodt Jr. 
NAYS: Yvette Aguiar, Kenneth Rothwell, Robert Kern 
 
9.39
Packet Pg. 200
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution    XXX            Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: Schedules a Public Hearing and Authorizes Town Clerk to Publish and Post a Public Notice 
of Public Hearing to Consider a Local Law Imposing a Six (6)  Month Moratorium on the Development of Properties 
Located Within the Industrial A, Industrial B, and Industrial C Zoning Use Districts Within the Hamlet of Calverton (Zip 
Code 11933) Within the Town of Riverhead SCHEDULES A PUBLIC HEARING AND AUTHORIZES TOWN CLERK TO 
PUBLISH AND POST A PUBLIC NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING TO CONSIDER A LOCAL LAW IMPOSING A SIX (6)  
MONTH MORATORIUM ON THE DEVELOPMENT OF PROPERTIES LOCATED WITHIN THE INDUSTRIAL A, 
INDUSTRIAL B, AND INDUSTRIAL C ZONING USE DISTRICTS WITHIN THE HAMLET OF CALVERTON (ZIP CODE 
11933) WITHIN THE TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes             No   XXX         
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget              
(example:routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items F,G and 
complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Karen 
Occhiogrosso 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/13/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
William Rothaar, 
Accounting 
Department 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
 
William Rothaar 
 
M. Date 
12/20/22 
 
 
9.39
Packet Pg. 201
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
PUBLIC NOTICE 
 
 PLEASE TAKE NOTICE, that a public hearing will be held before the Town Board 
of the Town of Riverhead, at 200 Howell Aven ue, Riverhead, New York at its regular 
meeting held on January 18, 2023 at 6:05 p.m. to consider the adoption of a Local Law 
entitled, "Calverton Industrial Moratorium" as follows: 
 The intent of the proposed amendment is to impose a moratorium on developments in the 
industrial-zoned lands in the Town of Riverhead, including those lands that are zoned 
Industrial A, Industrial B and Industrial C.  
 
 A copy of the entire text of the adopted local law and the provisions of the existing 
law to be amended may be reviewed at the Office of the Town Clerk, 200 Howell Avenue, 
Riverhead, New York 11901, between the hours of 8:30 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., Monday 
through Friday and can be accessed on the Town of Riverhead website at: 
www.townofriverheadny.gov under the Agenda and Minutes for the January 18 , 202 3 
Town Board Meeting.  
Dated:  Riverhead, New York 
   December 20, 2022  
 
 
BY ORDER OF THE TOWN BOARD 
OF THE TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
DIANE M. WILHELM, Town Clerk 
 
 
9.39.a
Packet Pg. 202
Attachment: Public Notice for Chapter 303 Calverton Moratorium  (2023-39 : Schedules a Public Hearing and Authorizes Publish and Post for
Chapter 303 
 
Calverton Industrial Moratorium B 
 
§ 303-1 Legislative Intent. 
 
On November 3, 2003, by Resolution #1175, the Riverhead Town Board (hereinafter 
“Town Board”), issued a Findings Statement pursuant to 6 NYCRR Part 617.11 and 
adopted the Town of Riverhead Comprehensive Plan pursuant to 272-a of the Town Law. 
The adopted 2003 Comprehensive plan envisioned a “Dynamic office/industrial center in 
and around Enterprise Park at Calverton (Town of Riverhead Comprehensive Plan, 2-1).” 
The Hamlet of Calverton (Zip Code 11933) contains a substantial amount of the industrial-
zoned lands in the Town of Riverhead, including those lands that are zoned Industrial A, 
Industrial B and Industrial C.  
 
At present, the Hamlet of Calverton is characterized as containing a mixture of farmland, 
open space, single family homes, as well as small to  moderate scale commercial 
development. As a result of the adoption of the 2003 Comprehensive Plan and its 
appurtenant code amendments, Planning Staff estimates that pursuant to existing zoning 
and dimensional regulations, approximately 12 million square f eet of industrial space 
could be developed within the Hamlet of Calverton within the Industrial A, Industrial B and 
Industrial C Zoning Use Districts, excluding lands which are already developed with or 
are slated for commercial solar energy production fac ilities, lands such as Robert 
Cushman Murphy County Park, Canoe Lake, and land from which development rights 
have been purchased. Additionally, much of the aforementioned industrially zoned lands 
within the Hamlet of Calverton are not located in either the  Town of Riverhead Water 
District nor are they located within the Riverhead Sewer District. Furthermore, these lands 
are largely located within Groundwater Management Zone III, which is categorized as a 
deep-charge zone, with an allowable sanitary density of 300 gallons per day per acre, 
which allows approximately 7,500 sq. ft. of floor area per acre. In contrast, the current 
zoning regime allows up to 40% lot coverage, which translates to an allowable as of right 
build out of 17,424 sq. ft. per acre. Final ly, much of the Hamlet of Calverton is identified 
as being situated within an Environmental Justice Area, pursuant to the criteria 
established by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation, as 
outlined in Commissioner Policy No. 29, issued  by the New York State Department of 
Environmental Conversation on March 19, 2003.  
 
The current unprecedented industrial growth within the Hamlet of Calverton, including the 
following applications with associated improvements in square feet: HK Ventures w hich 
includes approximately 412,000 sq. ft., Riverhead Logistics Center which proposes 
approximately 641,000 sq. ft , the Calverton Industrial Subdivision (aka OSTEAD) which 
is an industrial subdivision of a 130 acre parcel,  Uhaul of Calverton which inclu des 
152,000 sq. ft., JPD Calverton which include an additional 74,650 sq. ft. and Calverton 
PODS which includes an additional 45,000 sq. ft. coupled with the above referenced 
9.39.b
Packet Pg. 203
Attachment: Full code for Chapter 303 Calverton Moratorium  (2023-39 : Schedules a Public Hearing and Authorizes Publish and Post for
factors have the potential to create significant impacts to air -quality, traffic congestion, 
water supply infrastructure, and other potentially significant environmental impacts as well 
as the potential to cause large scale loss of some of the last remaining forested areas 
within the hamlet; loss, isolation or fragmentation of remainin g open spaces; and loss or 
isolation of prime agricultural soils. Furthermore, the present level of industrial growth has 
the potential to disproportionally affect the low income and minority population residing in 
proximity to these developments within th e Hamlet of Calverton, an identified 
Environmental Justice area.  
 
The Town Board acknowledges that it is currently in the process of updating the 
Comprehensive Plan and has retained BJF Planning to conduct this update. In 
furtherance of this point, the To wn Board recognizes that proper planning requires a 
carefully thought-out review process and analysis that balances the need for job creation 
and economic growth while preserving the rural character and natural environment which 
defines the Town as whole a s well as the Hamlet of Calverton. The Town Board finds 
time is needed to study through its various departments and such other experts or 
resources the Town may deem appropriate, including but not limited to BJF Planning 
industrial development with the Hamlet of Calverton.  
 
Thus, a moratorium is necessary and in the public interest to preserve the status quo 
while the Town, through its various departments and experts, including but not limited to 
BJF Planning, assesses, evaluates and determines appropriate measures or regulations 
to minimize or mitigate any potential negative impacts, as well as evaluate consistency 
with the existing and update to the Town’s Comprehensive Plan  as it relates to 
development applications located wit hin the Industrial A, Industrial B, and Industrial C 
Zoning Use Districts within the Hamlet of Calverton (Zip Code 11933). 
 
The moratorium will afford the Town the opportunity to study the currently unprecedented 
industrial development within the Hamlet of  Calverton, and allow for Town decision 
makers to engage in a comprehensive analysis as well as review, draft and adopt 
amendments for any new, resultant laws that may arise during the planning process. This 
moratorium shall be enacted for a period of six (6) Months from the effective date herein 
so that the processing, reviewing, and/or the taking of any action on any development 
applications, including but not limited to Site Plan Applications & Special Permit 
Applications, located within the Industrial A , Industrial B, and Industrial C Zoning Use 
Districts within the Hamlet of Calverton (Zip Code 11933) shall be suspended during this 
time period.  
 
§ 303-2 Moratorium 
 
Neither the Town Board, Planning Board, Zoning Board nor any Town Department shall 
process, review, and/or take any action on any development applications, including but 
not limited to Site Plan Applications, Special Permit Applications, Major Subdivision 
Applications, Industrial Subdivision Applications, as well as Applications for Use and Area 
9.39.b
Packet Pg. 204
Attachment: Full code for Chapter 303 Calverton Moratorium  (2023-39 : Schedules a Public Hearing and Authorizes Publish and Post for
Variances located within the Industrial A, Industrial B, and Industrial C Zoning Use 
Districts within the Hamlet of Calverton (Zip Code 1193 3) during the moratorium period 
Additionally, no applications shall be accepted pursuant to Chapter 301, Article  XXVII, 
establishing receiving sites for Pine Barrens Credits and other identified development 
credits during the period of the moratorium established herein.   
 
§ 303-3 Moratorium Period 
 
This Chapter Shall Apply for a period of six (6) Months from the effective date hereof. This 
Chapter shall expire after said six -month period unless and until this time period is 
extended by the Town Board after adoption of a subsequent local law.  
 
§ 303-4 Statutory authority; supersession of Town and State laws. 
 
This chapter is adopted pursuant to Municipal Home Rule Law and the State 
Environmental Quality Review Act and its implementing regulations. It expressly 
supersedes any provisions of the Town Code of the Town of Riverhead, and §§ 267, 267-
a, 267-b, 267-c, 274-a and 274-b of the Town Law of the State of New York. Furthermore, 
this chapter shall supersede the New York State Environmental Conservation Law §§  3-
0301(1)(b), 3-0301(2)(m), 8-0107 and 8-0113 and 6NYCRR Part 617 also known as the 
"State Environmental Quality Review Act" (SEQRA) as it pertains to applications that are 
neither excluded nor exempt from this chapter. In particular, this chapter shall supersede 
and suspend those provisions of the Town Code and New York State Law which require 
the Town Board and the Planning Board to accept, process and approve commercial solar 
energy system applications within certain statutory time periods. In addition, this chapter 
shall supersede and suspend t hose provisions of the Town Code of the Town of 
Riverhead as well as the Town Law of the State of New York which require the Town 
Board and the Planning Board to accept, process and approve site plan and special 
permit applications. Furthermore, this chapt er shall supersede and suspend those 
provisions of the Town Code and the New York State Town Law which grant the Zoning 
Board of Appeals authority to hear appeals from applicable zoning provisions and 
specifically the time frames for decision making and holding hearings for decision making. 
 
Pursuant to 6 NYCRR §617.5(c)(30), a local law to implement a moratorium is a Type II 
action under the New York State Environmental Quality Review Act (“SEQRA”), which 
has been determined not to have a significant impact on the environment or is otherwise 
precluded from environmental review under Environmental Conservation Law Article 8 
and thus, not subject to any further review. 
 
§ 303-5 Severability. 
 
If any section or subsection, paragraph, clause, phrase or provisio n of this law shall be 
adjudged invalid or held unconstitutional by any court of competent jurisdiction, any 
9.39.b
Packet Pg. 205
Attachment: Full code for Chapter 303 Calverton Moratorium  (2023-39 : Schedules a Public Hearing and Authorizes Publish and Post for
judgment made thereby shall not affect the validity of this law as a whole or any part 
thereof other than the part or provision so adjudged to be invalid or unconstitutional. 
 
§ 303-6 Effective Date. 
 
This local law shall take effect immediately upon filing with the Secretary of State pursuant 
to Municipal Home Rule Law. 
Dated: Riverhead, New York 
            December 20, 2022 
 
* Underline represents addition(s) 
* Overstrike represents deletion(s) 
 
BY ORDER OF THE TOWN BOARD 
OF THE TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
 
DIANE M. WILHELM, Town Clerk 
 
 
 
 
 
9.39.b
Packet Pg. 206
Attachment: Full code for Chapter 303 Calverton Moratorium  (2023-39 : Schedules a Public Hearing and Authorizes Publish and Post for
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-40 
 
AUTHORIZES THE SUPERVISOR TO EXECUTE THIRD AMENDMENT TO 
AGREEMENT WITH PROPERTY REGISTRATION CHAMPIONS D/B/A 
PROCHAMPS 
 
Councilman Rothwell offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Hubbard 
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to Resolution #2019-103 adopted by the Town Board on 
February 5, 2019 the Town Board awarded the Request for Proposals for the operation 
and management of the Town of Riverhead Mortgage in Default Registry and 
authorized the Supervisor to execute an agreement with Property Registration 
Champions d/b/a/ PROCHAMPS; and  
 
WHEREAS, the Town of Riverhead entered into an agreement with Property 
Registration Champions d/b/a/ PROCHAMPS effective February 19, 2019 which 
provided for a $100 registration fee to be paid to PROCHAMPS; and 
 
WHEREAS, as a result of a recent amendment to New York State Real Property 
Actions and Proceedings Law whereby New York State imposed upon municipalities a 
cap on mortgage in default registry fees in the sum of $75.00, the Town of Riverhead 
and Property Registration Champions d/b/a/ PROCHAMPS have agreed to reduce the 
registration fee to $75.00 as referenced hereinabove. 
 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Supervisor is hereby authorized 
to execute the Third Amendment to the Agreement with Property Registration 
Champions d/b/a/ PROCHAMPS, in substantially the same form as annexed hereto and 
subject to review and recommendation by the Office of the Town Attorney; and be it 
further 
 
RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk be and is hereby directed to forward a copy of 
this resolution to the Office of the Town Attorney and the Accounting Department; and 
be it further 
  
RESOLVED, that all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of 
this resolution from the electronic storage device and, if needed, a certified copy of 
same may be obtained from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.40
Packet Pg. 207
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution        X       Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute Third Amendment to Agreement with Property Registration 
Champions D/B/A PROCHAMPSAuthorizes the Supervisor to Execute Third Amendment to Agreement with Property 
Registration Champions D/B/A PROCHAMPS 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Authorize Supervisor to Execute Third Amendment to Agreement with PROCHAMPS 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes             No      X      
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget              
(example:routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items F,G and 
complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Cathy 
Seebeck 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
1/03/23 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
M. Date 
 
 
9.40
Packet Pg. 208
9.40.a
Packet Pg. 209
Attachment: PROCHAMPS Third Amendment to Agreement  (2023-40 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute Third Amendment to Agreement
9.40.a
Packet Pg. 210
Attachment: PROCHAMPS Third Amendment to Agreement  (2023-40 : Authorizes the Supervisor to Execute Third Amendment to Agreement
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-41 
 
AUTHORIZES SETTLEMENT OF LEGAL ACTION BY JUDITH ANN LEE AGAINST 
THE TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
Councilman Hubbard offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Beyrodt Jr. 
 
WHEREAS, a legal action was commenced by Judith Ann Lee against Town of 
Riverhead in the Supreme Court, Suffolk County, under Index No. 05577/2019; and 
 
WHEREAS, the parties are desirous of avoiding further time, expense, vagaries 
and uncertainties associated wi th further litigation and/or trial and having entered into 
negotiations in good faith, acceptable terms of settlement have been reached.  
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that Town Attorney, Erik C. Howard is 
hereby authorized to enter into a settlement a greement on behalf of the Town of 
Riverhead under terms and conditions as he deems to be in the best interest of the 
Town of Riverhead and to execute any documents necessary to effectuate settlement of 
the litigation  commenced by Judith Ann Lee against Town of Riverhead in the Supreme 
Court, Suffolk County, under Index No. 05577/2019; and be it further, 
 
 RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk is hereby directed to forward a copy of this 
resolution to, the Accounting Department and the Town Attorney’s Office, and be it further 
 
 RESOLVED, that all Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of 
this resolution from the electronic storage device and, if needed, a copy of same may be 
obtained from the Office of the Town Clerk. 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Tim Hubbard, Councilman 
SECONDER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.41
Packet Pg. 211
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution       X        Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: Authorizes Settlement of Legal Action by Judith Ann Lee Against the Town of 
RiverheadAuthorizes Settlement of Legal Action by Judith Ann Lee Against the Town of Riverhead 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: Settlement of Legal Action  
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes     X        No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  CS  
(example:routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items F,G and 
complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Cathy 
Seebeck 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
1/03/23 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
M. Date 
 
 
9.41
Packet Pg. 212
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-42 
 
PAYS BILLS 
 
Councilman Beyrodt Jr. offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Rothwell 
 
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Frank Beyrodt Jr., Councilman 
SECONDER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.42
Packet Pg. 213
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution        X       Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: Pays Bills  Pays Bills 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: To authorize release of checks 
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes             No     x       
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget              
(example:routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items F,G and 
complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: See attachment. 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Rachel 
Ellwood 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
1/03/23 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
M. Date 
 
 
9.42
Packet Pg. 214
 
December 29, 2022                                         Town of Riverhead                                           Page No: 32   
02:14 PM                                      Check Payment Batch Verification Listing                                              
 
Totals by Year-Fund
Fund Description                      Fund        Expend Total    Revenue Total        G/L Total            Total 
 
General Fund                          2-A01         191,663.28            25.00         8,405.00       200,093.28                   
 
Police Athletic League                2-A04           7,562.00             0.00             0.00         7,562.00                   
 
Recreation Program Fund               2-A06           2,195.80           820.00             0.00         3,015.80                   
 
East Creek Docking Facility Fund      2-CM2               6.60             0.00             0.00             6.60                   
 
Highway Fund                          2-DA1          25,132.27             0.00             0.00        25,132.27                   
 
Riverhead Sewer District              2-ES1         202,236.72             0.00             0.00       202,236.72                   
 
Calverton Sewer District              2-ES3           6,304.57             0.00             0.00         6,304.57                   
 
Riverhead Scavenger Waste District    2-ES5          33,372.12             0.00             0.00        33,372.12                   
 
Water District                        2-EW1          29,088.51             0.00             0.00        29,088.51                   
 
Street Lighting District              2-SL1           8,008.24             0.00             0.00         8,008.24                   
 
Refuse & Garbage Collection District  2-SR1           2,041.20             0.00             0.00         2,041.20                   
 
Trust & Agency                        2-TA1               0.00             0.00        75,913.93        75,913.93                   
                           Year Total:              507,611.31           845.00        84,318.93       592,775.24                   
 
CDBG Consortium Account               X-CD4          15,242.47             0.00             0.00        15,242.47                   
 
Riverhead Sewer Capital Projects      X-ES2               0.00       349,990.66             0.00       349,990.66                   
 
Water District Capital Projects       X-EW3         154,565.00             0.00             0.00       154,565.00                   
 
Capital Projects                      X-H01          75,787.12             0.00             0.00        75,787.12                   
                           Year Total:              245,594.59       349,990.66             0.00       595,585.25                   
 
                   Total Of All Funds:              753,205.90       350,835.66        84,318.93     1,188,360.49                   
9.42.a
Packet Pg. 215
Attachment: Town Clerk Abstract 12.29.22  (2023-42 : Pays Bills 01.04.23)
 
01.04.2023 ADOPTED 
 
 
TOWN OF RIVERHEAD 
 
TB Resolution 2023-43 
 
APPOINTMENT OF A PROBATIONARY POLICE OFFICER TO THE POLICE 
DEPARTMENT. 
 
Councilman Rothwell offered the following resolution, 
which was seconded by Councilman Kern 
 
WHEREAS, the Suffolk County Department of Civil Service established List # 19 -5002-
027 Police Officer OC on January 10, 2020; and  
 
WHEREAS, an extensive background investigation and a personal interview was  
conducted by the Suffolk County and Riverhead Town Pol ice Departments to es tablish 
one (1) individual eligible for hire by the Town of Riverhead Police Department.  
 
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED , effective January 5, 2023 Mark Weiss  is 
hereby appointed to the position of Probationary Police Officer for the Town of 
Riverhead Police Department; and   
 
BE IT FURTER RESOLVED, that this appointment is contingent upon the candidates 
successfully passing a drug test administered by the Town of Riverhead; and  
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Town Clerk is hereby directed to forward a copy 
of t his resolution to Mark Weiss, the Chief of Police the Personnel Officer and the 
Financial Administrator. Town Hall Departments may review and obtain a copy of this 
resolution from the electronic storage device, and if needed, a certified copy of s ame 
can be obtained from the office of the Town Clerk.  
 
THE VOTE 
 
RESULT: ADOPTED [UNANIMOUS] 
MOVER: Kenneth Rothwell, Councilman 
SECONDER: Robert Kern, Councilman 
AYES: Aguiar, Hubbard, Beyrodt Jr., Rothwell, Kern 
 
9.43
Packet Pg. 216
 
FISCAL IMPACT STATEMENT 
OF PROPOSED RIVERHEAD TOWN BOARD LEGISLATION 
 
A. Type of Legislation       Resolution      X         Local Law              
B. Title of Proposed Legislation: {Res Title} Appointment of a Probationary Police Officer to the Police Department 
C. Purpose of Proposed Legislation: New Hire  
D. Will the Proposed Legislation Have a Fiscal Impact?      Yes       X      No            
E. If the answer to section D is “yes”, select (a) or (b) below and initial or detail as applicable: 
 
(a) The fiscal impact can be absorbed by Town/department existing resources set forth in approved Town Annual Budget  TM            
(example: routine and budgeted procurement of goods/services)*if selecting E(a), please initial then skip items F,G and 
complete H,I and J; 
or 
(b) The description/explanation of fiscal impact is set forth as follows: 
 
F. If the answer to E required description/explanation of fiscal impact (E(b)), please describe total Financial Cost of Funding over 
5 Years 
 
G. Proposed Source of Funding 
Appropriation Account to be Charged: 
 
Grant or other Revenue Source: 
 
Appropriation Transfer (list account(s) and amount): 
 
H. Typed Name & 
Title of  
Preparer: Tammy 
Moore 
I. Signature of Preparer 
 
J. Date 
12/29/22 
K. Accounting Staff 
Name & Title 
 
L. Signature of Accounting Staff 
 
M. Date 
 
 
9.43
Packet Pg. 217
