Town of Riverhead 
4 West Second Street 
Riverhead, NY 11901 
www.townofriverhead.gov 
 
James Wooten, Town Clerk 
Telephone: 631-727-3200 
  
Town Board Special Meeting Minutes  
Tuesday, July 22, 2025 – 6:00 PM 
 
I.  Call to Order 
Call to order at 6:02 pm 
II.  Notice 
 ● Notice With Zoom Credentials  
III.  Announcements 
Councilman Rothwells birthday today, 
The supervisor requested speakers adhere to the 3-minute rule, can approach a 
second time after everyone has had a chance to speak. 
The supervisor announced a Special Town Board meeting for Thursday, July 24th, 
at 9:30 AM to consider a Grant application with time restrictions.  
IV.  Public Hearings 
 ● 6:00 PM Public Hearing- Transfer of Property  
TA Erik Howard gave an overview of public hearings, one for the transfer of 
property, and the second for qualified and eligible hearing for a master 
developer agreement. 
Eric Russo, Esq. Representing applicant, Joe Petrocelli, spoke of 
qualifications and assets. A mixed-use 5-story building to include retail, 
apartments and condos. Mr. Russo continued with the history and 
accomplishments of Joe Petrocelli and commitment to the project, along 
with numerous letters of support from professional companies.  
Read a letter of support from the Long Island Science Center. Along with 
several other local businesses in support of Joe Petrocelli as designation of 
Master Developer. 
  
 ● 6:00 PM Public Hearing- Master Developer Agreement- Qualified and 
Eligible Hearing  
Joe Peterocelli's son James spoke and presented the history of family 
investment in the community. Gave a history of family business. 
Also gave a history of business dealings in the State and County. 
Eric Russo spoke of design and revenue performance. Steven Shauger, 
Manager of Hyatt Eastend, via zoom. Spoke about the history of Hyatt and 
Joe Petrocelli as builder and developer of the project. Presented finance 
and funds were used to create the costs for the Q&E hearing. 
Brian DeLuca- Manager of the Long Island Aquarium, gave the history of 
the start of that project 25 years ago.  
VHB engineering gave a study of the area and development of the hotel. 
Joe Peterocelli spoke to the audience. About project and knowledge of the 
Town. 
Eric Russo Concludes applicants presentation. 
Jerry Halpin- spoke in favor of the project. Lots of questions concerning tax 
base and tax responsibilities. 
Cindy Clifford spoke negatively of downtown development. 
John Mcauliff wants a delayed closing hearing to be extended to 30 days. 
Erik Russo and team answered questions brought up at the hearing. 
 
  
V.  Adjournment 
Meeting closed, Hearing closed, left open for written comment till August 1st, 2025. 
  
 
 
 
  
James Wooten, Town Clerk  
 