Town of Riverhead 
4 West Second Street 
Riverhead, NY 11901 
www.townofriverhead.gov 
 
James Wooten, Town Clerk 
Telephone: 631-727-3200 
  
Town Board Special Meeting Minutes  
Wednesday, June 10, 2026 – 6:00 PM 
 
I.  Call to Order 
The Public Hearing was called to order by Supervisor Halpin at 6:02 PM 
 
Duck Pond Day announcements 
II.  Notice 
 ● Notice with Zoom Credentials  
III.  Comments on Public Hearing 
TA Eric Howard gave an overview of the purpose of the public hearing.  
Matt Charters gave testimony as to the publishing of the notice. 
Eric Russo Esq handed up the notices and mailings, gave testimony about the 
project. 
Angelo Laino, an engineer with VHB gave testimony as to engineering study. 
Christiano ??????? — Environmental engineer working with the applicant 
performed a q&a with Eric Russo as to local law compliance. 
Patrick Lenahan- Traffic Study engineer, Director of Mobility from VHB. 
Andrew Tambertone- Project manager 
Joe Peterocelli — applicant, the owner, presented his desire to commit time and 
energy. Wants the town to approve a special permit and site plan application.  
Martin Sendlewski- spoke of parking issues that may arise, and the main street 
plan will remove roadway parking in the future.  
Kathy McGraw from Northville spoke. 
Laura Jens Smith spoke in support of the revitalization of Main St. 
COMMENTS AND SPEAKERS ARE BEING CAPTURED BY FLYNN SERVICES 
AND TRANSCRIPTS WILL BE MADE PART OF THE RECORD.  
Peggy Kaniaski of Riverhead Flower Shop spoke in favor of development.   
Desmond Wong spoke against the project for various reasons. 
Mike Foley — Concerned about parking schedule completion, and if IDA will give 
benefits for construction.  
John McAuliff-Spoke against project 
 
 
 
 
 
  
IV.  Public Hearings 
 ● 6:00 PM Public Hearing - Peconic River Hotel  
Hearing was closed and held open for 10 days at 8:36pm 
V.  Open Comments 
No public comments after closing public hearing. 
VI.  Adjournment 
The meeting closed at 8:36 pm. The hearing was held open for 10 days till 6/20 for 
written comments. 
  
 
 
 
  
James Wooten, Town Clerk  
 